the second half was just one big nap, pretty much, in class.
it wasn't like a ted conference.
so the problem is soluble, and the way we should go about solving it is, say, dealing with electricity production, which causes something like 43-or-so percent and rising of co2 emissions.
and i said, so, could you do it right here?
and they go meow ow
consider the fungi -- including mushrooms, rusts, molds and many disease-causing organisms.
if we're not able to be alone, we're going to be more lonely.
because for me growing up at that time, and our relationship with this man box, do you want some? meant one of two things sex or drugs -- and we weren't doing drugs.
and no matter how many land mines erupt in a minute, be sure your mind lands on the beauty of this funny place called life.
also, for all the shoreline that has booms -- hundreds and hundreds of miles of shoreline -- all of the shoreline that has booms, there's adjacent shoreline that doesn't have any booms.
i screamed at them, i yelled at them, what the hell are you doing?
now, it may sound as though i'm about to preach atheism, and i want to reassure you that that's not what i'm going to do.
by now, the united nations is totally on our side.
and in a way, that's true, because everything is vibrating.
whilst i was at philips, we discussed this idea of a maybe technology, something that wasn't either switched on or off, but in between.
i have two loaves of bread here.
and one of the journalists said to her, what's up?
this is the hejaz railway.
boredom begins to be very aversive and apathy becomes very negative you don't feel that you're doing anything, you don't use your skills, there's no challenge.
now the lesson of that seems clear to me, and i don't know why it isn't informing public debate.
i slam the door behind me, climb up, go past this place where i see a pendulum ticking.
and now, maybe, we can go back to the bigger question that i started with at the beginning.
but it wasn't sufficient to prevent general abuzaid saying that he had the strategy and the resources to deliver, in 2005, the decisive year.
there are over eight words for what they call animal favoritism selective proceptivity, mate choice, female choice, sexual choice.
namely, that when they cast bells, they write inscriptions on them.
so makers are enthusiasts; they're amateurs; they're people who love doing what they do.
and i felt a little bit cheated, because the visualization -- that's a really easy thing to do.
if you don't design your life, someone else will design it for you, and you may just not like their idea of balance.
and you've taken all this complexity and beauty, and you've turned it into a cheap commodity.
and when you synthesize it all, it's giving us a new view of human nature.
so, organisms have this important history.
building capacities for the young generation is going to make a better generation and a better future tomorrow for africa.
and that is what the copenhagen consensus is really trying to do -- to try to put prices on these issues.
there was one waiting in the wings.
so how do you study rap scientifically?
anglo-americans, they did two and a half times more anagrams when they got to choose them, as compared to when it was chosen for them by miss smith or their mothers.
and the pain is not the problem its the symptom.
we were risk takers, of course.
and if we were to fall towards this black hole, we would see all of that light lensed around it, and we could even start to cross into that shadow and really not notice that anything dramatic had happened.
ts the magnetic works are a combination of gravity and magnetism, so it's a kind of mixture of these ambient forces that influence everything.
and within that one, to continually narrow the focus, learning more and more about less and less; this, despite the evidence all around us of the interconnectedness of things.
and we shouldn't behave as though it is known.
you say, you know what? i should have chosen the other tea.
you've seen people take beneficial technological advances, such as the internet we've heard about tonight, and twist them into something corrupting.
these yellow are just about to be doing this.
so even before a target appears that she's supposed to cross with the cursor that she's controlling with this joystick, aurora is trying to find the target, no matter where it is.
so where do we go from here?
finally, morning of day 11, we got the all-clear, loaded up the helicopters -- two helicopters flying in tandem -- dropped me off at the edge of the pack ice.
do you guys know where the margins of this tumor is?
we are not only already using these things in animals, some of them we're already beginning to use on our own bodies.
next is by hilda singh, and she's doing a whole project called social outfits.
natalie macmaster fiddles in reel time
and he engaged talking profoundly by settling some of the most tricky issues through a truth and reconciliation process where people came and talked.
so in planning to be a professional naturalist -- i never considered anything else in my entire life -- i found that i was lousy at bird watching and couldn't track frog calls either.
what would an a to z system look like?
and afterwards, he didn't say a word.
each sand grain is about a tenth of a millimeter in size.
whole arm. shoulder disarticulation.
as we were talking, roman told us that he's kind of an inventor on the side.
the gun may be one of the most important instruments of peace and stability that we have in this world.
i wanted to try holding my breath everywhere.
so for instance, here -- this suppression index is for 5,000 people picked in english books where there's no known suppression -- it would be like this, basically tightly centered on one.
i mean, it must be true, because we've had two hollywood blockbusters since that time, and this paradigm, from 1980 to about 2000, totally changed how we geologists thought about catastrophes.
so this is the inevitability about it.
so the problem we've really got in math education is not that computers might dumb it down, but that we have dumbed-down problems right now.
arm amputation is usually caused by trauma, with things like industrial accidents, motor vehicle collisions or, very poignantly, war.
because it turns out that adipose tissue, fat, is highly angiogenesis dependent.
does it leave a signal in bone or in plant?
and actually, it turns out to, you know, pay a living wage.
it will take embracing the world with both arms.
we have now discovered that there is a multi-directional transfer of nutrients between plants, mitigated by the mcyelium -- so the mycelium is the mother that is giving nutrients from alder and birch trees to hemlocks, cedars and douglas firs.
this is a pharmaceutical ad.
we're going to then apply one of those stains to it, and we scan it.
so now it's great because now we have this texture, and we can add numbers to it as well.
symbolically, what the rabbis say is that at passover, what we have to do is try to get rid of our hot air -- our pride, our feeling that we are the most important people in the whole entire world, and that everything should revolve round us.
we have a process where we, you know, kind of put it into the computer and digitize it, and then a whole lot of analysis.
i do believe if we build a movement that's one million americans strong, we're not going to be denied.
and we're doing it again.
and many more worldwide who are blind or are facing blindness due to diseases of the retina, diseases like macular degeneration, and there's little that can be done for them.
well, one possibility -- i think that's how most people respond to this -- is to say, that's just stupid.
and you can look far back into the past, but if you look at present-day schooling the way it is, it's quite easy to figure out where it came from.
and this is a picture of hong ngu, vietnam today.
httpwww.ted.comtalksadamgrosserandhissustainablefridge.html
the army started firing their guns. people were scrambling.
so when does this transition begin?
so one thing we can do is live longer.
it's almost as if we're getting back to this starting point.
because the most favorite tedtalks are, on average, over 50 percent longer than the least favorite ones.
faces, and sometimes deformed faces, are the single commonest thing in these hallucinations.
they get paid by pollen and nectar, to move that male sperm, the pollen, from flower to flower.
and just put radially they're going out that way.
the flow isn't natural.
i mean, if you look at the american attitudes toward japanese during world war ii -- look at the depictions of japanese in the american media as just about subhuman, and look at the fact that we dropped atomic bombs, really without giving it much of a thought -- and you compare that to the attitude now, i think part of that is due to a kind of economic interdependence.
although we want to avoid suffering, it seems we are running somewhat towards it.
art,design,math,oceans,science,visualizations
we all need to love and be loved in life.
so one thing i know about music music is the only thing that has power to enter your cell system, your mind, your heart, influence your soul and your spirit, and can even influence the way you live without even you knowing.
but then i went to the site and all of the audio in my site had been silenced.
matt mills image recognition that triggers augmented reality
it has never been done.
arts,creativity,entertainment,film
and we're doing it without a sales and marketing team.
that's all another way of saying that our individual skills and abilities are very much shaped by our environments.
and i can imagine, if we do this, the headlines in 10 years might read something like these new aids cases in africa fall to zero, u.s. imports its last barrel of oil -- -- israelis and palestinians celebrate 10 years of peaceful coexistence.
and as a cancer doctor, i'm looking forward to being out of a job.
they carry over 60 million simultaneous voice conversations, and in a lot of the government and technology sites there was just this very apparent vulnerability.
it takes off. it's a big woosh.
so facial expressions -- as i mentioned before in emotional experiences -- are actually designed to work out of the box with some sensitivity adjustments available for personalization.
and we are expressions of the universe, basically.
if we want to summarize that story that i told you earlier, we could start by saying something like, these viruses make copies of themselves by slipping their dna into a bacterium.
these are some climbers reaching the top of the icefall just at sun-up.
once like a muti, and you'll -- -- clap, just once.
it was absolutely amazing when she picked it up to safety, protecting it from the hyena.
where'd that come from?
and that's why i lump growing lethality of hatred and death spiral of negativity under the general rubric, reasons to be cheerful.
and the same is starting to happen with hardware too.
and if you go too far on that, that's just simply labeled as madness.
einstein, do you want to say hi to all the owls?
over the last 30 years, what's happened that's ripped the heart out of this country?
if you follow my suggestions, you're going to have a very spare, very zen-like presentation, which is great for conveying who you are and getting people emotionally involved.
it is this participation in peacekeeping missions that has led to the resolution of many civil wars.
basic windows functions, browsing, painting, chatting and email, games and educational material, music downloads, playing video.
and your friendly citibank had 47 times.
the complexity of building that within a single system is, again, beyond any comprehension or any existing mathematics today.
and after that, it just went wild.
but this isn't even about reddit itself.
linda, my wife, joked that it was like having six different marriage proposals.
there were others, like myself, who were full-time.
so i felt confused, a little bit frustrated and angry, like maybe i'd misunderstood something here.
not for the bush, but for the seeds.
ever-cheaper labor and ever-faster machines.
exploring with them the forest canopy has been one of the most lovely things of my existence on earth.
it's easy to imagine how particularly those parts of our bodies were quickly influenced by selection from the environment and shifted frequencies of genes that are involved in them.
that's the way the system works.
the full data is on the website -- insideoutproject.net -- that is launching today.
... help us find children who can participate in project prakash. ps so, as i zoom in to the eyes of this child, you will see the cause of his blindness.
1983 was when we won the world cup.
and yet, operative mortality dropped profoundly.
so supplements above this line are worth investigating, but only for the conditions listed below, and then the supplements below the line are perhaps not worth investigating.
i'm going to talk about two architects very, very briefly that represent the current split, architecturally, between these two traditions of a technocratic or technological solution and a romantic solution.
oh, by the way dean. it's going to fit on a 50th percentile female frame -- namely 32 inches from the long finger -- and weigh less than nine pounds.
so it may be good for the waistline, but it probably won't keep you satiated for very long.
httpwww.ted.comtalksdavidmacaulaysromeantics.html
this map was made for military reasons.
they're private schools. there are no state schools in slums.
but there's a far worse danger confronting us.
amundson, you ready? amudson ready.
and third, can china do without killer app number three?
you should all have one in your kitchen, beside your turbochef.
there is no textbooks, i mean, not yet, anyway.
and we can see this happening over the last four billion years.
as his career grew, david byrne went from playing cbgb to carnegie hall. he asks does the venue make the music? from outdoor drumming to wagnerian operas to arena rock, he explores how context has pushed musical innovation.
most importantly, these cylinders and this snow trap air.
987
usually, an architect can somehow envision the end state of what he is designing.
could they come together and help the millennium development goals get rebranded into the millennial generation's goals?
then at 13 minutes, maybe because of the hypochondria.
simplicity, for reasons that are a little bit obscure, is almost not pursued, at least in the academic world.
that's why, i'm trying to say, it's like metro-nizing the bus.
so, we're only going to look at the stars inside that small square, although we've looked at all of them.
but the joke is, an epidemiologist likes to arrive at an epidemic right here and ride to glory on the downhill curve.
is everything okay?
we are going to be the voice for these voiceless people.
and even though i've only had a brief time to speak, i hope you appreciate that mannahatta was a very special place.
that's roughly 10,000 times the range of man-made fire detectors.
but it was six moves. now with one move.
and we published a paper in science, the first time that anybody ever described the destruction on a coral reef by a major hurricane.
so the next artist, this is a group of japanese artists, a collective of japanese artists -- in tokyo.
a camp counselor fortunately came over and separated us.
by that comparison, democracy looks very, very good in terms of economic growth.
or the cult of living forever, if only we'd watch our weight.
and so the board meetings have been fascinating.
and that you literally do that. you stop breathing and then you -- -- take a breath and it wakes you up. and it's very irritating.
so one important difference is that it's totally mobile.
now, with that in mind, i'm going to show a project that's very dear to many people in this room-- well, maybe not dear, but certainly close to many people in this room.
now, if the dna sequences match, they'll stick together, and so we can look at spots.
358
but i know where she was.
now, this is what tyrannosaurus rex looks like in my living room.
i believe that at the core of ending the conflict in the middle east and bringing peace is for us to transform nonviolence into a functional behavior by giving a lot more attention to the nonviolent leaders on the ground today.
my dad came out to see me graduate and, you know, i did the deal, and my father said, were really proud of you son, but ...  you know what went on, he said, youve got to start riding and driving and start talking.
dearest, do i love thee less?
so the day -- the first time that i forgot, it really hurt me, because it's something that i really wanted to -- from the moment that i turned 30, i wanted to keep this project going until forever, and having missed that one second, i realized, it just kind of created this thing in my head where i never forgot ever again.
443
here's the cartoon on the left there.
so they came up with dig jigs.
these women are descendants of polynesian navigators, trained in the old ways by their elders, and now they're passing it on to me.
this is actually a biomaterial.
it brings rudimentary banking services to places where there's no banking infrastructure.
he was a shepherd. it's the symbol of his own occupation.
and what's neat is sometimes you pit one emotion against the other, the visceral fear of falling against the reflective state saying, it's ok. it's ok. it's safe. it's safe.
cruising random city streets, rocking a drop-top cadillac with a big backseat, packing like 13 brown paper walmart bags full of loaded mockingbirds, and i'll get everybody.
and then the laser actually cuts.
they will fall into black holes.
bored out of your minds. so, god, in her infinite wisdom, gave us a second human need, which is uncertainty.
it was a club to learn english and to learn computers and the internet.
there is, of course, a story behind the key moral longing and commandment of judaism to repair the world -- tikkun olam.
so by the time you even hear from the lander that edl has started it'll already be over.
as a psychologist, i worry for the world in general, but worry about the perception of how people see themselves in my part of the world.
and that's why we're last, because we don't value play.
so here's what it looks like.
and you can actually look down on the brain of such an individual and witness a change in the time constants and space constants with which, for example, the brain is representing language again.
already the old chinese and the greek, hippocrates, have actually published, documented, that t.b. can be diagnosed based on the volatiles exuding from patients.
but you know what, these little nerves are so small, in the context of prostate cancer, that they are actually never seen.
i photographed her before and after the birth of her beautiful baby girl, issa.
we prototyped by cat-scanning the brain out of this animal.
enough of the bad news. human beings have always risen to the challenge.
what are you reading?
chris anderson that is an incredible wish.
now i thought that it was because i have this totally compelling helmet crusade, right, this epiphany of tom's.
so, you can say like, because i knew my gay son was going to go to hell if he found a boyfriend, i chopped his head off. and that was the most compassionate thing i could do.
now, who do we have to blame?
let's say the kid is fixated on legos.
well you printed out the brackets and then replaced the old brackets with the new ones.
the general idea here, by the way, is that we actually don't know our preferences that well.
they don't draw to sell the work to a client or play the piano to earn money for the family.
it's just kind of -- you just have to learn it.
if you calculated the actual time of access, it would work out to minutes per day, so that's not how it's happening.
and she went, haha. there's no such thing.
and you've all made these advancements happen in such a short time -- you're all so young.
but, of course, we all do. we all follow each other every day.
we know that liars will unconsciously distance themselves from their subject using language as their tool.
when he says, i am the spirit, and i am the way, and when the prophet muhammad said, whoever has seen me has seen god, it is because they became so much an instrument of god, they became part of god's team -- so that god's will was manifest through them, and they were not acting from their own selves and their own egos.
and they didn't really raise their hands, but they took me out to dinner and showed me what they could do with expense reports.
they were making it possible for us to do what they do, and yet, they didn't really understand how they did it.
whenever you see anything linear on a planet, it means there's been a fracture, like a fault.
if you're not, too bad. there's nothing you can do.
now this is the simplest motor on earth.
and it was the birth of the global world.
can anyone guess what's the total length of wires in your brain?
but if you wanted to know what the perfect energy source is, the perfect energy source is one that doesn't take up much space, has a virtually inexhaustible supply, is safe, doesn't put any carbon into the atmosphere, doesn't leave any long-lived radioactive waste it's fusion.
and as the dawn came up and he went to meet his destiny, he left this pile of papers on the table for the next generation.
it's actually quite entertaining.
now, a slightly different version of this lottery imagine that the nine tickets are all owned by one fat guy named leroy.
and he's five years old.
we had fantastic friends and we saw the wonders of the world, like kilimanjaro, serengeti and the olduvai gorge.
and not only to invest in your own home but to reach out and help raise kids in the broader community.
we have this view of ourselves, of others.
this has huge organizational implications for very large areas of life.
for a number of countries in this part of the world, having pipelines is the ticket to becoming part of the global economy and for having some meaning besides the borders that they are not loyal to themselves.
this is oecd. the rich country. the country club of the u.n.
also coming up later for criticism are these massive lights.
we have the reckless burning of fossil fuels along with other greenhouse gasses, so called, leading to climate change.
it wasn't going anywhere toward, you know, saying what the gene was; it was just nuclear science. and oh, that's the book, little book.
started in corporate america, and i was absolutely convinced that it was just about the individual, that women and men would have just the same opportunities.
54
they're almost like a national tv station.
and i was asked, well aren't you nervous?
and yes, there is hope.
i took this down to ground zero, and knocked my way through crowds for an hour.
but look at it from the point of view of the grass, now.
imagine what their lives would be like if you could get that to them.
it turns out, when you add mobility -- the ability to roll around the table -- you get a little more of a boost.
that's on june 5 every year.
pm but now we're trying to get the video. there we go.
noah put them on the ark in that order, blah, blah, blah. and, you know, the fact is, if you believe in evolution, we all have a common ancestor, and we all have a common ancestry with the plant in the lobby.
that would be simple. then we know what to do.
we said, the tribes that we're in are saying it's going to be obama.
there's this focus that, once it becomes intense, leads to a sense of ecstasy, a sense of clarity you know exactly what you want to do from one moment to the other; you get immediate feedback.
and they do that by each year sending out the reproductives -- those are the ones with wings -- on a mating flight.
in kenya, mobile phone minutes have actually become an alternative currency.
and i drew it out for her.
and i can -- in 15 minutes, i think i can touch only a very rather janitorial branch of creation, which i call creativity.
audience what are you reading?
what are the incredible weaknesses?
and because i'm needed here, you know?
and so this is very exciting news.
and to point out the power of this these animals are able to get to that platform just as fast as animals that have seen their entire lives.
and it's only by linking positive things that the negative can be delinked.
this really happened. we were sitting there and i think they just went out of sequence, because we talked to the little boy afterward and we said, you ok with that? and he said, yeah, why? was that wrong?
if the judge can't tell the machine apart from the human, the machine has passed the test.
it could definitely be done by people in this room.
even of salinas.
820
it's the styrofoam and chocolate game.
we swoop down over the campo de' fiori.
i said, is this it? is this the end of the road?
ok, any six of them.
and surely, the space around us is ringing after traveling maybe a million light years, or a million years, at the speed of light to get to us.
we are travelers, not tourists.
any of you who've been to africa or had a junkyard dog come after you, there is a fixed kind of predatory gaze that you know you're in trouble.
but i didn't think it would be something that would somehow penetrate the classroom.
you gotta love that. rutgers.
we decided that we needed to put our money where our mouth is.
but in any case, there are big, big changes happening as we speak.
it's really a time machine.
my story is a little bit complicated.
as they went from the first building to the second, each of them passed a man who was bent over and moaning, clearly in need. the question is did they stop to help?
whoa.
now it's understandable that this has all got intertwined over hundreds of years.
and in papua new guinea, they were making stone axes until two decades ago, just as a course of practical matters.
and that's what i really want to focus on today.
ten times a day, they extract the 10-foot long cylinder of compressed ice crystals that contain the unsullied air and trace chemicals laid down by snow, season after season for thousands of years.
without the council the chief can't pass any law, and if the chief doesn't govern according to the will of the people he will be removed.
now when the military are telling us that this is a war that cannot be won by military might alone, maybe we should listen.
it's going to affect our lives more deeply and perhaps more invisibly.
here's another little flower -- different range of ultraviolet frequencies, different filters to match the pollinators.
this software allows us to come close and look at parts of this.
transition groups in chile, transition groups in the u.s., transition groups here, what they're doing looks very different in every place that you go to.
so you can't make it too simple.
when these things die, immediately, organisms come in and encrust and live on that dead surface.
the cdc, the center for disease control, has said, of the children born in the year 2000 -- those seven- and eight-year-olds today -- one out of every three caucasians, one out of every two african-americans and hispanics are going to have diabetes in their lifetime.
so far, they've packed up about 4,500 feet of ice cores for shipment back to the united states.
when i counted penguins for the first time and tried to do a census, we just counted all the individual beaks that we could around all these islands.
these are both very successful -- a physician in one case, a surgeon in the other.
okay, so i've made these glasses and ...
and another story of the cylinder begins.
a high school kid in texas wrote me in 2006 and said, you should get as many people as possible to put on blue polo shirts and khaki pants and go into a best buy and stand around.
but she asked me a question that i would find a tumor early on her mammogram if she developed one?
what you're looking at is a signature of bacterial communities in the outdoor air, and how they vary over time.
do we care about those four billion people whose income levels are less than two dollars a day, the so-called bottom of the pyramid?
so again, you have to do some detective work here.
we write our own stuff, replicate it, and are very proud of ourselves.
because that is the way to suppress the energetic phenomena that we see in active galactic nuclei.
and my question is this why are we ignoring the oceans?
take the magic carpet for a ride.
thank you so much.
still, in this place, in this grassland where you can see our very first office there on that hill, four years later, there is this one green blop on the earth's surface ...
the majority of the environmental impacts on the planet have been caused by the rich minority, the 20 percent that jumped onto the industrial bandwagon in the mid-18th century.
you're looking at camp two in a place called j2, not k2, but j2.
and biodiversity is an indicator of how much water can be balanced, how many medicines can be kept here.
something that you know can be done already is to grow bone tissue, so that you can make a wedding ring out of the bone tissue of your loved one -- literally.
it was like vegetable jerky, and killed all of them.
don't stack them up, ok.
that -- you know, i was born thinking about things that way, and i had always been like a little scientist guy.
inventor, entrepreneur and visionary ray kurzweil explains in abundant, grounded detail why, by the 2020s, we will have reverse-engineered the human brain and nanobots will be operating your consciousness.
now, how would you test a personal fudge factor?
and i got scared.
there are 200 countries in the world. we like to think of the internet as a global village.
it is an invitation, maybe even a mandate, to enter the most vital arenas of human life, the most sensitive and the most frightening, the ones that we never want to go to, but when we do go there, we feel incredibly transformed when we do.
what we knew before is that there was four million times the mass of the sun inside that circle.
now they measured one other variable.
a few years later another encyclopedia got started.
jn yeah.
but after some nagging, i got him to do that.
speaking about the design every city has its own design.
in singapore, we have a group going to use the charter to heal divisions recently that have sprung up in singaporean society, and some members of the parliament want to implement it politically.
let me take you to a very different kind of farm.
and within a week i had come to believe that the second coming of christ had occurred, that it was sun myung moon, and that i had been specially chosen and prepared by god to be his disciple.
i love accenture. i love accenture. i love my job. i love accenture.
but we also know where we are through movement.
and when i finished hurting people a little bit, i would ask them, so, how painful was this? or, how painful was this?
you see, it wasn't working very well.
we've slightly lost the habit of doing that, which is, i think, why we're particularly drawn to nature.
and they extract the metals by hand.
with the electric industry you actually have to -- one of them is that they're both sort of thin, horizontal, enabling layers that go across lots of different industries.
when the magazine -- actually, when i got the subscription -- it was 12 following pages.
what i see is a cow about to eat something delicious. what is that cow eating?
each one of those is an opportunity to do something about it; it's an opportunity for the technology to change.
this kind of cornucopia of stuff just coming and never ending is amazing, and we're not amazed.
really new.
is there any other ray of light that could make into the observer's eye from that galaxy?
one thing is, you know, you'll be hearing from a guy in the next session who said some time ago that he could sequence the human genome in half no time, and everyone said, well, it's obviously impossible.
for example mental arithmetic.
it was getting more and more apparent that we're fighting a losing battle.
and the only people in there is a bartender and an old man nursing a beer.
and imagine a national business model that creates local jobs and smart infrastructure to improve local economic stability.
they'd just turned three, and they were into all things pink and purple.
not at the last card.
would you like to try a more standard calculator, just in case?
every afghan family wanted to watch it.
the drama here is, in fact, that it may show that the climate challenge is the easy one, if you consider the whole challenge of sustainable development.
so, just in ending, let me say the only people who can fix africa are talented young africans.
if you look, for instance, at how lasers work, that would be a case of atomic synchrony.
so this is a blind test.
these are your children and grandchildren that are totally melting down when you pick them up, because they haven't had lunch.
it's a journey that started 20 years ago.
and we split these bridges.
i tell you, there is no rest for the fashionable.
because its a problem we have.
by 2008, we're going to kick the butt of the music industry.
here's our living room, the baby bedroom, kitchen, dining room and the rest of the house.
bruce bueno de mesquita predicts iran's future
and if they say it's solid, it will not be solid, it will evaporate.
you can't force people of free will, and i totally support that.
indeed, it's rather small.
the chinese have a little bit better plan -- or they have a plan; we have no plan.
we'll call them biological modification tools.
because, well we know why.
i thought i could put cell towers and create a network.
you had this same thing in america, it was called the timex sinclair1000.
so let me show you a little of that.
e i'm special.
they all happened to be captured on film spontaneously, by nhk of japan.
a lot of people are working on things to try and reduce that, but i didn't have anything to contribute in that area.
but what i'm going to tell you about today is how these tissues make awesome models.
one of the biggest levers that we have in the developed world for changing the impact that we have on the planet is changing the way that we live in cities.
so, at 2.3 billion dollars before the first ball was bowled.
imagine china, india and pakistan going to war as climate impacts generate conflict over food and water.
so, i was able to sort of exercise all of that.
now this is a fanciful theory.
we see better is the most frequent feeling, followed by bad.
what it's all about is the selective representations of things that are important to the brain.
so my mom and charles had this great relationship where they'd send those sorts of things back and forth to one another.
i told him, 'i'm a believer, and women and children in these terrible conditions need their faith to survive.' she smiles slyly.
he'd say, i'll call. he wouldn't call.
and i'm watching a guy who's lived his life -- he's now in his mid-80s -- and he's dying with peace. you know, the test of your worldview is not how you act in the good times.
these are stem cells that we create from specific sources, and we can drive them to become heart cells, and they start beating in culture.
it was an experimental education program.
but i think a much bigger problem with this is that this logic -- that we should be dropping ipods not bombs -- i mean, it would make a fascinating title for thomas friedman's new book.
and if these are cities governed by good rules, they can be cities where people are safe from crime, safe from disease and bad sanitation, where people have a chance to get a job.
turns out that it's a failed irrigation project.
and i travel the country visiting countless schools, letting lots of kids know that they draw great cats.
we can put anything we want into it, and it doesn't get heavier, and then we can take anything out.
and here's what the same calculation looks like, which was done recently -- well i say recently, over the last 10 years -- by a group called trucost.
thank you very much.
now, the next question that you would like to ask is what would you like to measure? what would you like to analyze?
well that's been studied too, by the institute of medicine and others. turns out that's not the case.
these are major issues.
now we have the reverse tendency.
i do a lot of work for the school of visual arts, where i teach, and the director of this school -- a remarkable man named silas rhodes -- often gives you a piece of text and he says, do something with this.
conservation's tougher, but we can probably get there.
1090
except that we knew what it was. and we knew how to fix it.
we don't see anything like this in europe or in the west.
and i promised these people that i was going to build this thing, and we're going to build it all right.
there is no generalization at all from one task to another in robotics.
that means that the exchange will operate a trading system, which will initially start as an open outcry, because we don't think the country's ready for full electronic trading.
the most transformative experience i've ever had -- in that single moment, hearing dissonance and harmony and people singing, people together, the shared vision.
humans have lived for much, much longer than the approximately 10,000 years of settled agricultural civilization in small family groups. nomadic hunters bring down rabbits, gathering food.
have we so lost confidence that we will be there for each other?
998
i remember that in the year of 1990, when i was graduating from college, i was applying for a job in the sales department of the first five-star hotel in beijing, great wall sheraton -- it's still there.
upwake tells the story of zero, a modern-day business man, going to work with his life in a suitcase, stuck between dream and reality and not able to decipher the two.
so we don't have quite as good data, but you can see here the share of single men having pre-marital sex, or married men having extra-marital sex, and how that changes from the early '90s to late '90s, and late '90s to early 2000s. the epidemic is getting worse.
it's a fantastic model of collaboration -- thinking partners who aren't echo chambers.
maybe if i hit the side wall it will bounce around the room.
why? because it's tiring and we feel fatigue.
the title was taken from the lyrics to a jefferson airplane song. the lyrics go, remember what the dormouse said.
i mean, people are worried about cellphones being safe.
i want my son to have a choice to contribute fully in the workforce or at home, and i want my daughter to have the choice to not just succeed, but to be liked for her accomplishments.
kb voodoo?
and he was swiss.
the better man.
she replied immediately, i know about napkins, but if i start using napkins, then we have to cut our family milk budget.
as eric schmidt said, it will be very hard for people to watch or consume something that has not in some sense been tailored for them.
now we can in fact see where the data is going to.
so let's cut to the chase.
this is a death's head cockroach. this is an american cockroach you think you don't have in your kitchen.
so this was like, here we go -- let's start on this trip.
and they amplified it and they tested it and they found, yes, this was actually basking shark dna, which was got from the slime.
i believe my girls will have plenty of opportunities in their lives, i wrote these men.
but the effect of that presentation is, it appeals to sympathy.
and i realized that, you know, italy is a place where they can accept these different ideologies and deal with diversity and not have the problem, or they can choose to ignore them, but these -- you don't have warring factions, and i think that maybe the tolerance of the absurdity which has made italy so innovative and so tolerant.
what we see, in all these cases, bears no resemblance to the reality that we conclude is responsible -- only a long chain of theoretical reasoning and interpretation connects them.
so, we begin by building the cores.
it's just a reality of anesthesia. the lungs can be paralyzed.
so, that's the kind of the thing i call smart censorship.
and the upshot of all of that is that i actually feel a lot happier, healthier, more productive than i ever have.
they shouldn't be failing like this.
when you have someone who is more competitive and more compassionate than anybody else in the race, again, it's not a coincidence.
hopefully for good.
it'll be a free download -- thank you, craig mundie -- and it'll be available at the website worldwidetelescope.org, which is something new.
the idea that we're going to chose our children's genes, as we begin to understand what genes say about who we are.
and then we used some algorithms that are a lot like speech recognition algorithms, see.
so i am a movement chauvinist.
and we've dealt with it by killing off lots and lots and lots of chickens, and unfortunately often not reimbursing the peasant farmers with the result that there's cover-up.
830
well, we collect data from satellites, from airplanes, from ground vehicles, from people.
and economists have actually started worrying about that.
this is how the vagina monologues begins.
those girls have never touched google.
and i'd heard that from the people who really understood what conflict was about.
the first industry will be a high volume, a lot of players.
bill stone that was taken in wakulla springs, florida.
ted prize,ted2009,arts,culture,education,entertainment,global issues,music,philanthropy,poverty
he was really a curious sight to be seen.
and that is what linked data is all about.
approximate collection rate of 11 sheep per hour, which would make a working wage of 69 cents per hour.
 maggie and milly, molly and may   they went down to the beach one day to play   and maggie discovered a shell that sang   so sweetly she couldn't remember her troubles   maggie and milly, molly and may   maggie and milly, molly and may   milly befriended a stranded star   whose rays, whose rays   five languid fingers were   maggie and milly, molly and may   maggie and milly, molly and may   molly was chased by a horrible thing   which raced sideways blowing   blowing   blowing   may came home with a smooth, round stone   small as a world and as large as alone   for whatever we lose like a you or a me   always ourselves that we find at the sea  thank you.
just absolutely amazing, every single dive.
with all apologies to my friend matthieu ricard, a shopping mall full of zen monks is not going to be particularly profitable because they don't want stuff enough.
for example, we actually started asking our employees, do they understand the mission of our company, and do they feel like they believe in it, can they actually influence it, and do they feel that their work actually has an impact on it?
the game is not over -- it's over by the eighth grade, it's not beginning.
i've failed them.
bohdan from kiev said, in response to how he felt about the new consumer marketplace, it is too much.
and we have a sense that it's everyone of us that is experiencing this -- not the person who is sitting next to you.
but have you seen anything in nature, an animal that has three legs?
do you know, sitting here, your brain is using about 20 percent of your body's energy output for two percent of your body weight?
this is ralph stanley.
pretty much everybody is rational.
and the peak time for that was the 30s, because the depression was so dismal that anything to get away from the present into the future ...
i cannot speak; i can only type so fast.
that's progress when we prove things wrong.
which means television advertising is down 57 percent for nike.
now, there's one way to interpret this, which is to say that emancipation and depression and recovery all have a lot of syllables.
they're still probably usable. they could be re-commissioned, but the way they count things, which is very complicated, we think we have about a third of the nuclear weapons we had before.
in fact, the world bank predicts that russia's population is declining towards about 120 million people and there is another thing that you don't see on this map.
you weren't in charge of policing, justice, education, health, welfare.
in fact, right now -- plug it from here, and then plug it in here, and now let's see if it gets my facial expressions.
this is my mom. so, i have all of the people that i know of.
every child who needs treatment is treated.
now, if he practices for a year and takes lessons, he's now eight and he sounds like this.
we numb vulnerability -- when we're waiting for the call.
business,design,global issues,social change,technology
look at that i mean you cannot make that stuff up.
and my message for you is that i believe we are condemned, if you like, to live at just one of those moments in history when the gimbals upon which the established order of power is beginning to change and the new look of the world, the new powers that exist in the world, are beginning to take form.
suppose we approximated one person with one book?
again, this robot can't see anything, it can't feel anything, it has no brain. it's just working with a tuned mechanical system, with very simple parts, but inspired from the fundamental dynamics of the animal.
so what i've been seeing today is there is a growing subculture of barefoot runners, people who got rid of their shoes.
i'm just going back and forth; i'm not getting anywhere.
that machine was built by this guy, charles babbage.
and i think by the time this lamp came about, i had finally made peace with those dogs.
and as a result, the patent troll can claim that they won the case.
but they're getting very, very cheap, and look at the interesting implication of it. as they get cheaper, the premium brands, the sonys and such, are losing market share, and the no-names, the apexes, are gaining them.
as you can see the little tether, that it's also magnetically levitated.
and what i'd like to do today is give you a vivid example of how that power can be unleashed when someone is in a survival situation, how the will to survive can bring that out in people.
he wanted to prevent the netizens from criticizing him.
and you are going to see here the amazing thing that has happened in the world during my lifetime.
we don't have time to waste for that.
if the stick were ever found, all humankind would be happy.
and i figured, it's all over now, and she looks up and she says, well, she's still watching these guys go; she says, i can't ride a bike, no, she says, i can't use a skateboard, and i've never used roller blades, she knew them by name; she says, and it's been 50 years since i rode a bicycle.
it's a very short, simple book. there are ten laws and three keys.
so first, five symptoms that you're doing math reasoning wrong in your classroom.
let's start with government data.
dh oh it's time for richard's help.
the consequence of that is that all those nutrients that fuel the great anchoveta fisheries, of the sardines of california or in peru or whatever, those slow down and those fisheries collapse.
you can hike for days and not encounter anybody.
so what i did was, again, like i did with the dodo skull, i blew all my reference up to full size, and then i began cutting out the negatives and using those templates as shape references.
i, me, me, mine. it's like a perfect song, that song. a perfect teaching.
now we get another result, still very simple.
now i don't know about you, but sometimes i have these images in my head of separated at birth.
you throw it over the side of your boat and you basically scuba dive without getting wet.
and another advantage, of course, of using fingers is you have 10 of them.
next is a term -- i do it quick. i call this stealing.
i had dinner with a republican senator several months ago who kept his hand on my inner thigh throughout the whole meal -- squeezing it.
we also try to study our foe.
values are acquired; doctrine and dogma are imposed -- the two opposing mechanisms.
we need a movie on those six categories.
kb what i didn't show you was -- you got that swinging thing going?
those who are hiv-negative must know how to stay negative.
and there's the very important thing there if you want to survive the cold, you ought to be suspended. right?
i grew up on the coast of england in the '70s.
we're just pushing the body through the whole ct scanner, and just in a few seconds we can get a full-body data set.
in moments of war there's great technological innovation, and in the world you have to do without -- well, during the second world war, you had to do without steel, you had to do without aluminum.
what's the secret to a happy family? try.
because it's such a small sculpture, nothing can go wrong.
i could show you what recently was on television as a high quality video 60 minutes, many of you may have seen it.
ngozi okonjo-iweala on aid versus trade
and it's clearly in the area of finance.
and then there are just daily disasters that take place in these buildings, financial problems and mismanagement and equipment failures, and all kinds of things, and every time something like this happens, it means extinction. we lose diversity.
what these pictures demonstrate is that there is a moral sense across all religions, across all faiths, across all continents -- a moral sense that not only do we share the pain of others, and believe in something bigger than ourselves but we have a duty to act when we see things that are wrong that need righted, see injuries that need to be corrected, see problems that need to be rectified.
it was unbelievable.
it was crucial that the students see that we're working hard for them and they're all supporting each other.
can we have the next video, quickly?
it's free cooking lessons, guys, free cooking lessons in the main street.
i think it's one of the most exciting that i'm working on, but i think it's also the simplest.
all the power comes from the sun.
so we really had to think about new, creative ways to flavor, new ways to cook and to change texture -- and that was the main issue with this challenge.
for i never had an inkling that perhaps the things i do might someday, somehow threaten you.
i quote, religion doesn't seem to work like that.
but for some reason when it comes to the mental world, when we design things like healthcare and retirement and stockmarkets, we somehow forget the idea that we are limited.
show us the grades.
httpwww.ted.comtalksedwardburtynskyphotographsthelandscapeofoil.html
hotel ... bushmaster two-six, bushmaster two-six, we need to move, time now
then there's all kinds of other applications. implanted medical devices, where people don't have to die of infections anymore if you can seal the thing up.
what should be the role of public policy?
so i turned to the teeming small creatures that can be held between the thumb and forefinger the little things that compose the foundation of our ecosystems, the little things, as i like to say, who run the world.
and so i can start this discussion in any number of places, and i've chosen three or four to talk about.
yeah, that was very short, but you could see it's a completely different figure. right?
we know enough at the turn of the 19th century.
it was a hyperstimulus for them, and they loved it.
that's complex, but it's manageable.
and so it's anachronistically a classification by fathers' occupations, so single parents go on their own.
so, the same thing could be true for this kind of life, which i'm talking about, on cold objects that it could in fact be very abundant all over the universe, and it's not been detected just because we haven't taken the trouble to look.
so maybe he's a little bit lazy, but he's there, he's taking care of the building.
and he clicks the buy now button.
i know.
and god was out of the picture.
so the black and white photo shows the simple 60's strip shopping center.
because every one of these six changed our understanding of what was possible in the world. prior to seeing this, we would have assumed a 10-foot pole couldn't fit in your pocket; something as inexpensive as ink couldn't sense the way paper is being bent; every one of these things -- and we're constantly trying to find more.
and what i'm trying to do with my work is put faces to this.
there is also the fact that the amount of energy that we get back from the oil that we discover is falling.
because those are voluntary distractions.
when i met the guys, and 10 of them agreed to take cameras -- in total, 21 ended up filming.
so i think there's a very good chance there's about 30 or 40 psychopaths in this room.
and then, when you shine sunlight at them, the sunlight will be reflected back, just as it is in the eyes of an animal.
and then about a year and a half ago, google actually acquired this company.
yes, there is a need for us to find a cure for hiv, to find an effective vaccine for malaria, to find a diagnostic tool that works for t.b., but i believe that we owe it to those who willingly and selflessly consent to participate in these clinical trials to do this in a humane way.
out, more of the horizontal. you are an intelligence.
and so we said, there's a solution to this.
look where the methane is, the methane is in a very rough terrain area.
so basically, you have a group of people who are excited by the idea.
and i didn't understand why, in one hand they say, speak the truth, in the other hand, when you say the truth, they hated you.
something odd? something off? something wrong with this picture?
1232
so here's the situation.
and it was the first time we had ever seen from another surface -- that's the place where you and i are right now, where we live.
we have now entered in the 6x, the sixth major extinction on this planet.
now, by remoteness, i mean two or three different kinds of things.
why were certain words born before others?
they're -- almost look alien. and the secret, which they stick on with, involves their hairy toes.
non-zero-sum games in which correlations can be positive, ok.
and in africa, the remote places, it's hard to find a good road.
and when i was 10, i was told that my parents left because they didn't want me.
and now we're in this new model of leadership, where the way we make change is not by using money or power to lever a system, but by leading.
so what's that about?
i decided that i'd rather be an organic farmer instead.
a few weeks ago, i saw a video on youtube of congresswoman gabrielle giffords at the early stages of her recovery from one of those awful bullets.
the same thing happened, of course, in the world of crime and terror.
you come into the magic kingdom and the hotel that tony baxter's group is doing out here.
well, i think what part of the problem is that, in haiti, although the problem is huge, somehow we understand it, it's localized.
and so i spent the rest of the vacation largely sitting outside our little rental house at night, the sidewalk still warm from the sun, watching the skies for ufos.
and more exciting was the fact that the person who took this photo was a guy named jack randall, the greatest living ichthyologist on earth, the grand poobah of fish nerds, if you will.
well i find parents out on the front lines very aware their children are going down for the count.
this is a video i made when i first started doing toy design.
47
httpwww.ted.comtalksjimtoomeylearningfromshermantheshark.html
and this actually fits with another interesting theory about what's happening in authoritarian states and in their cyberspace.
i will do exactly as i'm told.
it can be a very complicated thing, the ocean.
woman here father. woman yes, of course.
sometimes i'd think i should take her home with me, bathe her, comfort her, dress her.
i'm wearing a hat. i'm wearing a scarf.
so if you really want to solve the problem of epidemics and so forth, let's start with that. and since i got that idea, i've had to shake hundreds of hands.
the golf clubs were owned by john f. kennedy and sold for three-quarters of a million dollars at auction.
you are going to solve a series of puzzles, and i'm going to show you examples of these puzzles momentarily.
he was one of six people who were invited to participate in this competition, after six previous firms struck out with things that were so stupid and banal that even the city of new york was forced to go, oh, i'm really sorry, we screwed up.
in terms of education, perhaps most obviously of all, we can transform how we engage people.
i say, now listen. in the army, when we want you to pay attention, we have a command. it's called 'at ease.' it means everybody be quiet and pay attention. listen up.
but harry's wife is confused, because she said, you know, harry had been packing his own lunch for 20 years.
you know, she's only half jewish.
and this is indeed the characteristic of what we think of as the good life.
and third, they're all attracted to each other, but they try to keep a small distance apart.
and you can see he's been to a few places around the united states.
and we approach this problem by considering another curious syndrome called phantom limb.
but it tells us that we know how to create it, we know how to create it cost effectively, we know how to handle it safely.
we went to the fourth paradigm, transistors, and finally integrated circuits.
right? we normally walk through life responding, but if we ever want to do anything different, we have to step into uncertainty. when he opened his eyes, he was able to see the world in a new way.
and of course it's the dna that counts, so here's all the a, t, gs and cs that make up your genetic code, and give you all your charming characteristics.
outside.in's steven johnson says the web is like a city built by many people, completely controlled by no one, intricately interconnected and yet functioning as many independent parts. while disaster strikes in one place, elsewhere, life goes on.
so i remember getting my american passport.
all of us here have great minds.
but i wanted to convey something to you.
i'll roll that for you now. this was the first test for benjamin button.
an ethiopian woman named derartu tulu turns up at the starting line.
so, cybercrime, do watch out for it.
kiran bedi a police chief with a difference
and the third day, it would be a shikari cap -- just like an adventurer's cap.
i believe movement is the most important function of the brain -- don't let anyone tell you that it's not true.
this is not a five-minute pitch. this is, you know, two sentences.
and here, that's one of my favorites.
as one taliban recruiter told me, there will always be sacrificial lambs in this war.
in some it is hot.
she regrew her own trachea, and 72 hours later it was implanted.
now we're in tough times economically.
and this time even a greater number, 83 percent of the people, voted with blank ballots.
they had to move this village in 1987 as a huge dune threatened to swallow it.
we can use these data now to provide other regions with recipes and the same technology.
and let me show you.
and thankfully, the answer is yes, because what i discovered, when i began looking around, that there is a global backlash against this culture that tells us that faster is always better, and that busier is best.
just push them through, good. thank you.
we have ceramics and photography and computer imaging.
but if a textbook seems too much fun, it's somehow unscientific.
billions of events have occurred in your history that are related in time to yourself as the receiver, or yourself as the actor, yourself as the thinker, yourself as the mover.
so these two guys are sitting there listening to this signal, and people start kind of coming into the office and saying, wow, that's pretty cool. can i hear? wow, that's great.
they're tiny. they're barely visible as a piece of material, and to show 2.3 million of them required a canvas that was larger than any printer in the world would print.
or, if you'd gone blind, you could see.
it's called are you smarter than a fifth grader?
and the cool part is, one sachet substitutes one bath for five rand.
but i need a metabolism, i need some energy.
here's the united states.
it pretty much works with any big fish in the ocean, so here we go.
and in the three months that this project has been public, it's been downloaded over half a million times.
and it gets worse, i crashed it into your house.
and you follow the treatment like that, to the end of the treatment.
golan levin on software art
and the point about bayesian decision theory is it gives you the mathematics of the optimal way to combine your prior knowledge with your sensory evidence to generate new beliefs.
the second a is awareness.
absolutely everything.
yeah, this is a fact that from where the money comes, they have been saving, you know, over the last decade.
we talk about ourselves as omnivores.
we need culture out there.
we need to create a movement among all these people that i meet in my travels -- you probably meet, too -- who want to join up, in some way, and reclaim their faith, which they feel, as i say, has been hijacked.
that the place where, during an earthquake in 1954, this marine terrace was lifted up out of the ocean very quickly, and it was lifted up about six to seven meters.
instead, there was a litany of astonishing optimism.
so, you might be wondering, well, how do they do it?
and it is, again, linked to something nice, and that nice thing is called meritocracy.
so i thought this morning i would try to be the optimist, and give reason to hope for the future of the internet by drawing upon its present.
what lies ahead?
but i feel a bit like a fish out of water.
approtec is a company started by dr. martin fisher, who's a good friend of mine. he's a ph.d. from stanford.
i also planted the bibliotree.
if we run the movie of our universe backwards, we know that there was a big bang in our past, and we might even hear the cacophonous sound of it, but was our big bang the only big bang?
so let me run you through a few ideas.
and, as you can see, the death rate goes down from 65,000 deaths per conflict per year in the 1950s to less than 2,000 deaths per conflict per year in this decade, as horrific as it is.
but then when that bull stepped on my kidney, you know, i didn't lose my kidney -- i could have lost my kidney, i kept my kidney, so i don't think i'm a born loser.
one of my viewer's uncles died on a particular day and he chose to commemorate it with a piece of hate.
he made sure that everything lined up.
we needed to be working on beef.
the first one is dedicated to spencer, and his grandmother, who was shocked by his work.
and i touched it and i went, oh my god, it's a laundry basket.
you can contrast them by thinking about universal city walk versus disney world, or disneyland.
each day, people make new decisions, and people change and the world changes around them, and each day all of these decisions are sort of nudged ever so slightly away from rush hour car driving in a way that people don't even notice.
and there have been celebrated appeal cases in britain and elsewhere because of that.
ms walking all those holes?
you can see the deadlines and the usage graph.
made perfect sense.
a classic example is james hansen, a nasa climatologist pushing for 350 parts per million carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
dj and in fact, that original thing that we spoke about and designed our lives by -- that conservation was all about respect and celebration -- is probably true. that's really what it needs.
and when people aren't allowed to be useful, they soon think that they're useless.
certainly, when i was in college, i had certain expectations about my life -- that my husband and i would both work, and that we would equally raise the children.
biology,biotech,children,evolution,genetics,science,technology
and then show me what it was like when the bridge started to go. right.
we put water over its gills, give it oxygen.
very, very high resolution.
because this is the most distressing ted ever, i've been working with neil gershenfeld on next year's ted bag.
and the most immediate thought when i came out of that water was the following i'm never, ever going to do another cold water swim in my life again.
it exemplified the best that humanity has to offer.
you weren't going to put tollbooths around the city of london and open and shut those gates.
for instance, sexually transmitted diseases will spread across sexual ties.
lg for a long time, researchers in emerging diseases were kind of dismissive of the pandemic flu threat on the grounds that back in 1918 they didn't have antibiotics.
no one would say, hey, i think this medicine works, go ahead and use it.
spoken word poetry is the art of performance poetry.
i said to her, you should do an experiment.
this is a scene at base camp, at one of the camps where some of the climbers were lost.
i mean, what does this have to do with technology, entertainment and design?
if you're already 100, or even if you're 80 -- and an average 80-year-old, we probably can't do a lot for you with these therapies, because you're too close to death's door for the really initial, experimental therapies to be good enough for you.
rs i'm not.
i said we can shorten the column, we can spread it out to cover the couch.
so i realized in that dotcom crash that my role in life was to channel abe maslow.
how many of them showed up for him?
the dodecahedron, it's dual.
so this woman comes in and she's taken into the operating room.
now, the class ran 10 weeks, and in the end, about half of the 160,000 students watched at least one video each week, and over 20,000 finished all the homework, putting in 50 to 100 hours.
ag there are technical implications certainly.
now there's a plate, and it would be really, really convenient to get a piece of pizza, then type a little bit, then ...
it was like narnia.
the big opportunity to reduce greenhouse gas emissions is actually in urbanizing the suburbs.
they're essentially digital cameras.
they're developing a software-training environment in their universities.
your computer uses this presence of current to represent a one, and the absence of current to represent a zero.
malaria, hivaids are killing a lot of people in these regions of the world.
there's a starry crown in heaven, i know.
the story people tell us is a bunch of different stories.
httpwww.ted.comtalksbonniebassleronhowbacteriacommunicate.html
you put it on the front page of your blog.
it needs a hospital whose budget can allow it to support one machine costing upwards of 50 or 100,000.
you gotta carry the bottle, you gotta carry the syringe.
there are a lot of farmers doing this today.
so here i am with the couple, the three of us shrinking at the foot of calvary about to be up, you know.
maybe in the airplane, we can overcome jet lag like that.
kids play, we play -- of every nationality, of every race, of every color, of every religion.
for number-crunchers like us, that is the erogenous zone, and it's fair to say that i am, by now, sexually aroused by the collating of data.
they exclude people that died as a consequence of civil war, from hunger or disease, for example.
are they cattle?
one is that -- it's called gecekondu in turkish, which means built overnight, and if you build your house overnight in turkey, you can't be evicted without due process of law, if they don't catch you during the night.
so this weighs a little more than a tenth of a pound.
so a few years after this event, i leave ghana on a scholarship to go to swarthmore college for my education.
artist nathalie miebach takes weather data from massive storms and turns it into complex sculptures that embody the forces of nature and time. these sculptures then become musical scores for a string quartet to play.
i wanted that wish to actually start now.
and he surprised me with the answer.
doosh again, the image recreates itself.
and so i looked up what the economy was paying for the war in iraq in the same year.
in other words, a state monopoly that has the use of violence well under control.
it turned nasty, and i'm a bit of a chicken.
david cameron the next age of government
jennifer 8. lee hunts for general tso
when people knock it off, everybody knows because they've put that look out on the runway, and it's a coherent aesthetic.
they defer the payments.
the bonobo, although shorter than us and their arms still longer, is more upright, just as we are.
there's plenty of time for us to reconsider how we use it, how we build it.
it was like manna from heaven.
it's not going to happen.
how have we convinced ourselves that every opinion has to count?
nothing new was learned.
and that mutation was passed on to their kids because they're the ones that survived, so there was a great deal of population pressure.
and she said, oh no, i'm not married.
for a moment, the entire crowd had forgotten their differences.
it's very much like the rutting of mammals, including humans, you know, sorting out our differences, but gentler, no biting allowed.
even though there are default situations in which one of these mindsets can be applied, they can be stretched and extended.
we must continue to eat the best seafood possible, if at all.
unspeakably dangerous.
it doesn't really care.
so what i did, i got an oilstone. broke the edge of an oilstone off.
and we could also produce power cables, to transfer enormous amounts of current between power stations.
on the right-hand side, 0,0 input is a 1 output, which goes up.
could we have -- no, we don't have time.
and this lets me introduce a very important idea about design designers are the biggest synthesizers in the world.
and he said well, that's how we do it.
and for the most part, they're not real life-threatening.
why is this useful, or what does it tell us?
now any astronomer will tell you, this is the telltale sign of something that doesn't originate from earth.
months were spent in this tiny, cold warehouse.
and therefore it will become intolerable -- what compassion is, is where it will become intolerable for us, totally intolerable that we sit here in comfort and in pleasure and enjoying the life of the mind or whatever it is, and there are people who are absolutely riddled with disease and they cannot have a bite of food and they have no place, or they're being brutalized by some terrible person and so forth.
the salads that you see at mcdonald's came from the work -- they're going to have an asian salad. at pepsi, two-thirds of their revenue growth came from their better foods.
i've traveled all over the world in the last two and a half years -- i went to about 12 different countries.
i mean, when we update a status message, we don't really think about how long that's going to take.
and i was up in san francisco a while ago doing a book signing.
sarah thought quite hard about the things i'd explained -- and she concentrated, in those days, on listening.
georgette mulheir the tragedy of orphanages
there are several million people dying of hiv and aids.
i have another idea. i wanted to -- there we go.
i'm going to think of how other people can be happy.
i have some terrible scars on my legs from where i stabbed myself.
i've got to produce the result now.
i just put them down like they were in the books.
591
so we created this genetic algorithm to try this out, we made a model in xl of a multi-surface reflector, and an amazing thing evolved, literally evolved, from trying a billion cycles, a billion different attempts, with a fitness function that defined how can you collect the most light, from the most angles, over a day, from the sun.
many of them are too young to run for president, but by putting the issues out there, they are influencing the presidential race.
six and a half years later, a hundred and eighty researchers, they have some amazing developments in the lab, and i will show you three of those today, such that we can stop burning up our planet and instead, we can generate all the energy we need right where we are, cleanly, safely, and cheaply.
so look at this data. this is from the american national elections survey.
with the smallest investment in the right places, you can radically transform the quality of your relationships and the quality of your life.
and i thought, well, that's got a pretentious name, especially since the whole system ran on his computer in his office.
it looks like this buoys that float on the water, project three foot up, three foot down.
and we see the mother in every being.
we sized them into five compartments.
but the concept was that i wanted to take the stigma out of food.
now, when we first started talking to ok go -- the name of the song is this too shall pass -- we were really excited because they expressed interest in building a machine that they could dance with.
more carpet per man-hour.
where did anybody get the idea that you ought to stay arm's length from politics?
there aren't electric fields here. it's a magnetic field.
dehumanization of others. de-individuation of self.
this is all the opportunity about being a community organizer.
you have to know that today, roughly one or two every drug pills is not taken correctly.
how do we explain that diversity?
and how much punishment would i get if i get caught?
our research on the biomechanics of animal locomotion has allowed us to make a blueprint for a foot.
it weighs 1,250 kilograms and the only exercise i get is opening and closing it.
and guess what, it worked.
please go cut that piece out.
954
and the more i've thought about this, the more i think, really, that that's a kind of love.
because that's what this is about. i have to simplify this thing.
they have combined the list of major innovations, and they've discovered that the greatest number, the greatest decade, for fundamental innovations, as reflected in all of the lists that others have made -- a number of lists that they have merged -- was the great depression.
but, critical poverty this slide is from a presentation i gave not that long ago. gapminder.org tells the story of the gap between africa and the rest of the world in terms of health care.
the master of shortcuts -- it's, of course, nature.
how do you explain when things don't go as we assume?
there's a banker who created a for-profit community bank that encouraged bankers -- i know this is hard to believe -- encouraged bankers who worked there to do well by doing good for their low-income clients.
so, i'm going to risd, actually.
and it talks about the back story of something like a t-shirt.
you know, that it's a despotic building; it wants us to feel like termites.
and then 10 years later everything changed.
this is not the end, this is the beginning of the end.
i could be in the movement in a way that i wasn't able to be in my real life, in myself.
ka on the hudson river?
i said, hey man, what is ebay?
this is the coal supply for the steel factory -- 18 square kilometers.
there's a growing extremism that comes from both sides in this debate, in response to this conflict between the law and the use of these technologies.
i just wasn't drunk or high.
you want to guess who opened the door?
and i've got to think of my youngsters at ucla -- 30-some attorneys, 11 dentists and doctors, many, many teachers and other professions.
im not going to read them all to you because im not in teacher mode.
leveraging my knowledge of my pharmacogenomics -- how my genes modulate, what my drugs do and what doses i need are going to become increasingly important, and once in the hands of the individual and the patient, will make better drug dosing and selection available.
we developed a pc version of this product as well as the macintosh version.
they are only one-seventh of the way up that tree.
and it has.
this woman told me it was in the nick of time.
so we've created something called the collective brain.
it's the beginning.
what if we could reduce the need for hospital beds?
change that.
all of us in our 60s and 70s have comparable depressing stories.
i've felt it in the operating room, at the bedside.
this is a courtyard in europe, and a mixture of 124 different kinds of play.
now, as humans, we make maps of places that we seldom even go, which seems a little wasteful of time.
did you know that one year of the world's military spending equals 700 years of the u.n. budget and equals 2,928 years of the u.n. budget allocated for women?
you get a male and a female each of those, and out of them comes falcons.
that's what we try to do in different places.
for 18 days, our cameras were broadcasting, live, the voices of the people in tahrir square.
so they think it's actually very deadly.
well it's no secret that computers, through moore's law, are speeding up faster and faster.
httpwww.ted.comtalksdanielledenieseaflirtatiousaria.html
now, i'm convinced a lot of you probably share my passions, especially my passion for judge judy, and you'd fight anybody who attempted to take her away from us, but i'm a little less convinced that you share the central passion of my life, a passion for the live professional performing arts, performing arts that represent the orchestral repertoire, yes, but jazz as well, modern dance, opera, theater and more and more and more.
but i think that the greater good is being served here by just allowing people -- there are very few places, now, where you can go and not have identity, to be completely anonymous and say whatever you'd like.
anyhow, i'll end that there, and thank you very much.
and the way that it came across to some people on that day -- because i know people that wanted to vote in your direction and didn't, and i was upset. but there was emotion that was there.
right after, i got an invitation to go to a science fiction convention, and with all great earnestness walked in.
students i will change my life.
deception is actually serious business.
how many cattle got poked with the prodder?
as you've heard from many of the talks, statistics underpins an enormous amount of research in science -- in social science, in medicine and indeed, quite a lot of industry.
and he says to me willard, can you put my house on a pinhead?
and this is just showing this here -- this frozen tissue, and it's being cut.
so that's the basic concept that we use.
so, this device here is an invisibility cloak.
you know, our ability to capture the tools of creation is getting closer and closer.
this is powered by low-cost vsat technology, aggressively trying to reach farmers to bring them into the market.
there are all kinds of benefits to this.
well, there are other ways of making a flap.
and even non-democratic governments are more sensitive to public opinion.
and after a few days, depending upon temperature, the egg will hatch and the larva of this parasite will eat the aphid from the inside.
flickr is a photo-sharing service that allows people to take photos, upload them, share them over the web and so forth.
the one on the right comes from a yellow surface, in shadow, oriented facing the left, viewed through a pinkish medium.
i mean, look, it doesn't take a double-blind, placebo-controlled study to figure out what makes a marriage not work.
it seemed that for our neighbors and friends, africa was either this exotic place, this imaginary land that probably exists only in their imagination, or the place of horror, famine.
now in the pre-industrial ocean, as we were mentioning, this whale call could be easily detected.
how long do you actually have to work to earn an hour of reading light if you're on the average wage in britain today?
who's going to stop and pull over and say -- oh, look, a cow. nobody.
no one works on that.
so imagine a media atmosphere that isn't dominated by lame stereotypes about gender and other demographic characteristics.
now that is something.
but there's another thing.
over 25 years that has huge long-run effects on the wealth of your nation.
kt oh, my god
the reality is when you actually watch children, children don't think about things like storage in linear terms.
you could have a horse that's been abused by a rider.
this is important, because it tells us that if you have moderate biting densities, you can eradicate malaria by mosquito proofing houses.
remember that good things come in threes and so do bad things.
but i've become increasingly interested in religion.
1260
we had to engineer it to move gracefully in an average breeze and survive in hurricane winds.
so i went right up to the front of the tank -- i was three or four inches from the front glass -- and the octopus was sitting on a perch, a little rock, and he came off the rock and he also came down right to the front of the glass.
they increase the amount of dopamine.
so artist books have a lot of definitions.
it takes away anything extraneous. that's what i do.
yes, i said that with a q, quadrillion.
it's about 20,000 computers connected together in three facilities in the united states right now, that are simulating this virtual space. and the virtual space itself -- there's about 250,000 people a day that are wandering around in there, so the kind of, active population is something like a smallish city.
because i realized that the state of the african continent would matter to my children and their children.
i took the experiment out to northeastern india, to a village called madantusi, where, for some reason, there was no english teacher, so the children had not learned english at all.
and maybe stories are just data with a soul.
girl 1 yeah, my character is usually a tomboy.
and so by thinking of this as a personnel system, we can do it much better.
we're learning how to communicate with them, in really high-pitched tones.
slavery,development,economics,education,poverty,third world,trafficking,women
but people were coming.
it's something i wanted to do just to show how i could get the symmetrical shape.
and we drilled in the ross sea.
we want to offer people an idea of what they can do about it.
chris anderson ok. i don't know if there's going to be any questions but i thought i would give people the chance.
but it's not just chinese heroes he cares about.
and that tells us several things.
it's a nonprofit, venture capital fund for the poor, a few oxymorons in one sentence.
anyway, i am here because of a young girl, sarah jones.
secondly you need skills, the mundane skills of the construction sector.
it's about having food.
but, nothing else will matter if we fail to protect the ocean.
and she said, why wouldn't i thank it, even though they're supposed to do it?
i was asked to stop at texas.
and there is both a way to avoid the dangers of glamour and a way to broaden your appreciation of it.
computer  memory, thump.  cl  thump of the beat in a known repeat   rhythm and rhyme, they make me complete   the climb is sublime when i'm on the mic   spittin' rhymes that hit you like a lightning strike   i search for the truth in this eternal quest   my passion's not fashion, you can see how i'm dressed   psychopathic words in my head appear   whisper these lyrics only i can hear   the art of discovering and that which is hovering   inside the mind of those unconfined   all of these words keep pouring out like rain   i need a mad scientist to check my brain  i guarantee you that will never happen again.
there are no patents. anyone can make it.
we negotiated it down to 190.
and what's very important is this tube. it sucks in air normally, but when it swallows water, it feels the resistance of it.
when i was 14, i was asked to seriously consider a career path.
so cochrane then goes to the germans who are running the prison camp.
also, high stress inhibits oxytocin.
yet the fact that so few people do actually read the koran is precisely why it's so easy to quote -- that is, to misquote.
and then you get an answer that's quantitative in the modern world.
we can't carefully control them because they're subconscious for us.
this is a little company that's done very well with simplicity and elegance.
why don't you say, listen, let me tell you a story?
but traditional incubators require electricity and cost up to 20 thousand dollars.
how does that work?
if you ask them, they'll say, well, you know the coal, we need the coal.
we know this tune, right? we know it?
and that is step three infusing the work you're doing with the specific things that make you you, even while those things are always changing.
so these kids worked harder than they've ever worked on anything in their lives, because there was that outside audience, there was isabel allende on the other end.
after all, there's no running or jumping, and the ball stands still.
they have so many thoughts, and they have so much wisdom, and i think -- you know, this ted thing, i've come here.
so all of those penguins had to have the oil meticulously cleaned from their bodies.
when i try to explain why i'm back after telling the press apple's future is black.
and i said, the greatest surprise in my life is the brevity of life.
and i would just add we saw the same thing with sars.
but what is the international aid community doing with africa today?
now, i said i'm doing this in berkeley, and you might think, oh, berkeley. of course you can do it in berkeley.
they owe us, to put a food ambassador in every major supermarket.
and everything has got to be reinforcing this.
it began with a small group of people who decided they would commit.
and he said, the red cross has closed.
and clearly this composition is his final statement to her -- it was first performed after his death -- and through her to the world.
it's just the persians who aren't fully human and don't deserve to be treated very nicely.
so you can see ideas. and these ideas developed into prototypes, and they were eventually built. and currently, as of this year, there are clinics rolling out in nigeria and kenya.
we feel we're on the beginning of a journey of experiment and improvement to turn the studio school idea into something which is present, not as a universal answer for every child, but at least as an answer for some children in every part of the world.
there's nothing i can do as a cartoonist.
because my crying somehow exposed his brutality to him.
so tony starts doing his homework.
we asked people to build some origami.
this, we later found out, is, in fact, a crater, but there are very few craters on the surface of titan, meaning it's a very young surface.
single-surface products. furniture's a good one.
but basically, it's just a b, with four sads.
the resolution is going to achieve either of two forms either we will resolve these non-sustainable time-fuses in pleasant ways of our own choice by taking remedial action, or else these conflicts are going to get settled in unpleasant ways not of our choice -- namely, by war, disease or starvation. but what's for sure is that our non-sustainable course will get resolved in one way or another in a few decades. in other words, since the theme of this session is choices, we have a choice. does that mean that we should get pessimistic and overwhelmed? i draw the reverse conclusion.
and under what situations, when would we see this pattern of results where the passenger is going to show better, more favorable outcomes compared to the driver?
we began with a small literacy class to read the koran, then a math class, then an english class, then computer classes.
people who hadn't drunk from the pump were not getting sick.
go out a bit further, you'll find that beyond the orbit of neptune, way out, far from the sun, that's where the real estate really begins.
so we literally are all made out of stardust.
thank you very much.
a lot of people would say there's no way that someone could put together this incredible collection of businesses without knifing a few people in the back, you know, doing some ugly things.
you can see the computer characters on the right are having the same complex motion as the dancers.
philosopher-comedian emily levine talks about science, math, society and the way everything connects. she's a brilliant trickster, poking holes in our fixed ideas and bringing hidden truths to light. settle in and let her ping your brain.
a boy broke away from his mother to run back into his house to get his dog, who was apparently afraid.
it turns out, from earliest childhood, boys, and then men, prefer the company of guys -- physical company.
this is in portland. that is an actual development.
alzheimer's disease there's five million people affected, and you can check vital signs, activity, balance.
this is the first time the public sees this as well, because we have been in stealth mode.
i feel a bit better now.
this animal is in the guinness world book of records for being the world's heaviest bony fish.
having to ask my husband for help because i'm sick, and we're newly married; initiating sex with my husband; initiating sex with my wife; being turned down; asking someone out; waiting for the doctor to call back; getting laid off; laying off people -- this is the world we live in.
those fungi and bacteria are as highly evolved as humans.
traditionally, the kalandar community of india has survived by capturing sloth bear cubs and training them to dance through extreme cruelty. kartick satyanarayan has been able to put an end to this centuries-old practice, and in so doing discovered a lesson of wider significance make the practitioners part of the solution.
the first, to prevent mother-to-child transmission.
the following is a time-line of treaties made, treaties broken and massacres disguised as battles.
while i was filming these statements, he said to me, where are you going next?
 girl my name is valentina kofi; i am eight years old.
why not? every plant virus, every insect virus, every marine virus.
they did that, and watch a little bit of this.
i'm not taking my eyes off the road.
we teach them how to go right face, left face, so they can obey instructions and know the consequences of not obeying instructions.
i'm an independent, individual person.
however, the approach i built here is actually high-resolution, low-cost, and probably most importantly, very scalable.
even mathematicians, who in some sense are the freest of all thinkers, literally couldn't see not only the sea slugs around them, but the lettuce on their plate -- because lettuces, and all those curly vegetables, they also are embodiments of hyperbolic geometry.
you'd keep this on your porch. it was a little bit messy and kind of a pain.
but we can't move the earth, at least not easily, but we can move a small asteroid.
and they started to have a life of their own and got bigger -- as the one glass at the walker.
in this case, at these islands, you know, corals are instrumental-quality recorders of change in the water.
this is miguel nicolelis of duke.
these are some of the questions that are at the center of my exploration on the nature of erotic desire and its concomitant dilemmas in modern love.
what i did do, though is, i actually looked at them from a design standpoint and just eliminated all the ones that had nothing to do with design.
what are the challenges in getting value for money as well as value for many?
the european union, same thing.
so, ask yourself is this person ever going to drive at a steady 28 miles per hour? i don't think so.
and we have it in something called an aeroshell.
and you see in the more equal countries on the left -- japan, finland, norway, sweden -- the top 20 percent are about three and a half, four times as rich as the bottom 20 percent.
but if i'm interested in potential, if i'm interested in your potential, or for happiness or productivity or energy or creativity, what we're doing is we're creating the cult of the average with science.
now this people ask all the time what it is.
world war ii came to an end, and goering was captured, tried at nuremberg and ultimately sentenced to death.
well, the short run, it's hunky dory, but the long run, it's humpty dumpty.
and if we don't teach our children to be alone, they're only going to know how to be lonely.
yes, of course, it's a cow.
to fly south in the winter and north when it gets warm?
now i want to share with you a little video that i shot from a submersible.
so the patient's life is restored.
if you're a mathematician, you get that, because marston was a mathematician who objected to the computer being there.
and when i say desktop, i don't just mean the actual desk where his mouse has worn away the surface of the desk.
we don't know of any other house, and so forth and so on.
and the business organizations thought we were onto something in terms of a way of preparing children much better for real-life work today.
this is the desert to the west. near the pakistan border.
remember, one billion?
and from these early experiences as a child i learned to love landscapes.
bill koch is a florida billionaire who owns four of the jefferson bottles, and he became suspicious.
take the fatihah, the seven-verse opening chapter that is the lord's prayer and the shema yisrael of islam combined.
but actually, the most fascinating thing that i found was that even the audio system or wave transmission nowadays are still basically based on the same principle of producing and projecting sound.
so, let's take these two symmetrical objects here.
just to review, this is my tedtalk.
and for me, atheism 2.0 is about both, as i say, a respectful and an impious way of going through religions and saying, what here could we use?
and the bottom one is you lot -- super-creatives plotted in the same way.
within some years chile may have better child survival than the united states.
this time i paid 25 cents because i thought the task was a bit harder.
1173
we spent about three hours together and shes beginning to trust me.
so he suffered from essential tremor for many years.
and he insisted on beautiful music.
george dyson on project orion
combine this with the assumption that more choices are always better, and you have a group of people for whom every little difference matters and so every choice matters.
an elderly couple came walking down the street.
but, you know, there are ways out.
and i began to realize that there are different ways of doing diplomacy -- that diplomacy, like business, is a business of solving problems, and yet the word innovation doesn't exist in diplomacy; it's all zero sum games and realpolitik and ancient institutions that have been there for generations and do things the same way they've always done things.
and i think that attachment, the third brain system, evolved to enable you to tolerate this human being -- -- at least long enough to raise a child together as a team.
the first one is harmcare.
unfortunately, when she goes to unwrap the prosciutto, ajax makes a lunge for it.
so it seemed like maybe she had been dared to do this.
but, if we only had an oxygen gas supply cylinder we wouldn't be able to go very deep, because we'd run into oxygen toxicity very, very quickly.
na shakethedust.org.
they're no good either.
creativity,culture,design,education,work
it gives you the false impression it's a map.
they used their six words to talk back to me and ask me if i'd been too much on google lately.
but the toxic smells -- when you come into a town that's actually doing this kind of burning of the boards, you can smell it a good five or 10 kilometers before you get there.
they have this very continuous feedback loop.
but the research also shows that there's nothing that will 100 percent protect you.
and she began to talk about things that had happened to her body and her face, and how she could no longer count on her beauty, and her family then treated her like the ugly sister of the beautiful one for whom all the ballet lessons were given.
i don't know how many of you are new yorkers, but there were these tenement buildings, and these women were always hanging out one of the windows, leaning on a pillow.
and extract from soybeans.
what you're seeing here is a water filtration system.
so it's unpredictable. we'll paint this palette again.
and i think she overdid it.
can you read it?
if you look at classrooms right adjacent to one another, they have very similar ecosystems, but if you go to an office that is a farther walking distance away, the ecosystem is fundamentally different.
they come to a certain point and then stop.
and they're retaliation-proof.
and you know, you earn someone's trust, especially in doc filmmaking, through your relationship.
the age of the ocean, the tectonic plates, gives rise to a totally new phenomenon that we have heard about in this conference.
i'm starting the story with the first atomic bomb at trinity, which was the manhattan project. it was a little bit like ted it brought a whole lot of very smart people together.
you have a unique smell, a unique vibration.
but for me, unlike them, in my world, the slate was not clean, and what was written on it was not encouraging.
and they come up one at a time, and then i think, ok, well maybe we can have it snow, or we can have a thunderstorm, and i can hold it there and turn them into videos.
this is on the way home.
the united nations recognized earlier this -- it was last month actually -- that canada has become a key area of distribution and production of ecstasy and other synthetic drugs.
i'm serious.
netflix was right -- the netflix model could capitalize on the dvd in a way that the video-rental stores couldn't.
again, no vision of maitreya after nine years.
the placebo effect is one of the most fascinating things in the whole of medicine.
maz jobrani a saudi, an indian and an iranian walk into a qatari bar 
i've heard it said that the most dangerous animal on the planet is the adolescent male.
you're not getting off that easy. all right?
we, who are atheists, are also a-fairiests and a-teapotists.
and that was what really got me puzzled.
he wanted to be rich, and he wanted to be famous.
and i emailed him and i said, i believe you may have a very special brain anomaly that makes you special and interested in the predatory spirit and fearless.
but if you can model things for people, if you can give things to people that they can manipulate and play with and where the feedback comes, then they can learn a lesson, they can see, they can move on, they can understand.
the same thing happens.
there must be something else.
it's like a centrifuge.
so the act of engaging, and looking at the image creates the meaning.
here are two organisms that pull water.
first player is offered a hundred dollars and is asked to propose a split 5050, 9010, whatever that player wants to propose. the second player either accepts the split -- both players are paid and the game is over -- or rejects the split -- neither player is paid and the game is over.
i want people to discover themselves as actors, as creative actors, by having interactive experiences.
when people circle together, they generate a current.
we'd like to take the materials that we have built for education, and get them out to students everywhere, students that can't come and visit us at the ata.
so little billy goes to school, and he sits down and the teacher says, what does your father do?
i wasn't just concerned about plastic that you're trying to imagine out in the middle of the pacific ocean -- of which i have learned there are now 11 gyres, potentially, of plastic in five major oceans in the world.
and they could all sit and work together on those problems.
and that's what you have to do to prepare children for education and for school.
it teaches them to accept authority, revelation and faith instead of always insisting on evidence.
you know, if i measured your temperature over 30 days, and i asked, what was the average temperature?
sometimes we are having meeting and they are talking with jean-pierre bemba, with mbusa nyamwisi, with kabila, and i'm there.
that was an amazing thing.
not only would it have been burned in engines and added to global warming, but there's a place called cancer alley, and the reason it's called cancer alley is because the petrochemical industry takes that oil and turns it into plastic and, in the process, kills people.
you've got to do a whole pitch that conveys this without conveying it.
the quality of these amateur photographs can, at times, be amazing.
and maybe those who move better than others have got more chance of getting their children into the next generation.
but what rizzolatti found was a subset of these neurons, maybe about 20 percent of them, will also fire when i'm looking at somebody else performing the same action.
she wanted the control of her final moment, and she did it amazingly.
ok. now, the third theory is that -- well, let's ask ourselves what's really going on in synesthesia. all right?
sb wow, ok. i didn't really realize what it was when i first saw it.
water is the key to life, but in frozen form, it is a latent force.
turns out it wasn't so easy.
and it would have hand in that it would be greatly crafted.
marduk takes cyrus by the hand, calls him to shepherd his people and gives him the rule of babylon.
and here we go. it took a little time for them to get independent.
instead, the human spirit radiated out from the metal walls and garbage heaps to offer something no legal neighborhood could freedom.
that's what he was doing, propping up the bed because the bed simply didn't work.
and in about 1997, the then-director philippe de montebello gave me the go-ahead to organize an exhibition for 2002. we normally have these very long lead-in times.
well, back in 2001, when there was just a simple test and a single dose of a drug, a nurse, in the course of her few minutes with a patient, would have to counsel for the hiv test, perform the hiv test, explain the results, dispense a single dose of the drug, nevirapine, explain how to take it, discuss infant feeding options, reinforce infant feeding, and test the baby -- in minutes.
world without risk would not be worth living.
js one remix is about individuals using our shared culture as a kind of language to communicate something to an audience.
we're not fast.
and so we had this situation come up -- last summer actually, at agnor-hurt school in albemarle county -- and one of our military commanders got up to read that letter and one of the other kids said, mr. hunter, let's ask -- there's a parent over there.
that the correct summit -- that all of our students, every high school graduate should know -- should be statistics probability and statistics.
you all know about embryonic stem cells.
it goes across 10 different countries in the middle east, because it unites them all.
are they alive?
disc1 is a gene that's deleted in schizophrenia.
right now, here we are linked up to long beach and everywhere else, and all these secret locations for a fraction of that cost, and we can send and receive huge quantities of information without it costing anything.
and then, in the middle of a sentence, at the very birth of twilight, i turned and looked down the street.
all i am is a witness.
but if you can see this image of the network from a bird's eye view, you can appreciate that there's something very different about nodes a and b.
it's not that complicated buildings more than one story high, built out to the sidewalk edge, so that people who are, you know, all kinds of people can get into the building.
they do this with their toes. it's bizarre this peeling inspired irobot -- that we work with -- to build mecho-geckos.
i've been in the audience.
socrates died in prison, his philosophy intact.
i have this great project -- 50 million years.
brain,culture,design,evolution,meme,technology
how do you make a mountain bike for your arms that doesn't have the mountain bike cost and complexity?
now we to ask ourselves which are the large environmental processes that we have to be stewards of to keep ourselves safe in the holocene?
as the last dodo was dying, spinoza was looking for a rational explanation for everything, called eudaemonia.
but what artists like to do is to set up expectations of symmetry and then break them.
and i can't get this thought out of my head, and i can't get that vision out of my sight, so i did what i had to do.
that in creating the move to high-volume, low-cost commercial production of these kinds of materials, or for that matter, ultra-light steels that are a good backup technology, the military can do the trick it did in turning darpanet into the internet.
people would get very excited about this when they read these articles.
let me give you an example.
what really makes it amazing that the circulation of these newspapers were growing too.
we take the scaffold, we seed it with cells, and you can now see here, the valve leaflets opening and closing.
and that's what makes computers powerful these high-level languages that can be compiled.
that way we start exposing the children from very early on, on what these issues are. because once they learn it, they will stay with it. in doing this we have created at least 100 skilled jobs in jamaica alone, and these are physicians with expertise and special training.
for even in my own life, there are memories i have that are difficult to explain -- happenings that are so odd and unaccountably weird, that it is difficult to imagine they were not the result of prolonged and frequent contact with aliens throughout my life.
they use a band -- basically a rubber band, like this, only a little smaller.
and this is the beginning of computer graphics.
this is probably the skyline that most of you know about doha.
coal-powered industrial revolution in this country -- oil, gas, sorry.
what happens when you have your wok cut in half is the oil goes down into the fire and whoosh
what we want, of course, is doctors who do just the right amount of procedures and do the right amount for the right reason -- namely, to serve the welfare of their patients.
it's going to be machine-readable.
when you ask the janitors who behaved like the ones i described how hard it is to learn to do their job, they tell you that it takes lots of experience.
the reason why ferroplasma is interesting is because it eats iron, lives inside the equivalent of battery acid, and excretes sulfuric acid.
and as valuable as that is in los altos, imagine what that does to the adult learner who's embarrassed to go back and learn stuff that they should have before, before going back to college.
the effect is just electric.
you could do parallel and series circuits for kids using this.
it's not uncommon for people to feel like they're alone or that nobody understands them, but spoken word teaches that if you have the ability to express yourself and the courage to present those stories and opinions, you could be rewarded with a room full of your peers, or your community, who will listen.
there we go.
the hillis algorithm. 10 factorial gives you that number.
and here's what happens, and here's what you would discover too if we all started sharing our lists out loud.
that's what you want.
well, we know from astrobiology that we can really now predict what's going to happen to our particular planet.
because the data that we can collect here is unique.
i was experimenting with these -- i don't know if you can see it -- but there's a work surface there.
sensing and responding feedback is a huge thing.
so with disease models like these, we can fight back faster than ever before and understand the disease better than ever before, and maybe discover drugs even faster.
we could probably calculate the speed that the satellite is traveling, if we do a little basic math here using the doppler effect.
there was lots of money and reputations at stake.
of course we need drug companies to give us their expertise.
do you know which group you're in?
and there were climbers on that summit ridge.
we call this our sushi circuit. it's very popular with kids.
and that makes sense.
i think before i did the vagina monologues i didn't really believe in happiness.
how could we have buildings that are low cost and affordable for people who work in a first job, assembling something like an iphone, but make those buildings energy efficient, and make sure that they are safe, so they don't fall down in an earthquake or a hurricane.
so what if i do b, which is a sixth of a turn, followed by c, which is a third of a turn?
i need not remind you that this was david lynch's version of dune, in which all of the characters were sexy and deformed at the same time.
and indeed, the head of the chambers of commerce is now the chairman of the studio schools trust and helping it, not just with big businesses, but small businesses all over the country.
and then i creep up to the point that i get a score of 79, which is just below average.
so i happened to forgive. now i sing music with the muslims. i dance with them.
now, flutes may seem ... the distribution of flutes may seem a trivial case.
so last fall when we published the results of that work in science, we all became overconfident and were sure we were only a few weeks away from being able to now boot up a chromosome out of yeast.
listen, listen, listen. now -- what can we do with thunder?
it doesn't matter how wacky they look or how cool they look, you cannot copyright the sculptural design.
and that they were definitely capable of diffusing it non-aggressively.
and he said, on the spot, absolutely, yes.
what if you do this?
ca you started talking in recent years about this term capitalist philanthropy.
it's too risk-averse.
we're doing 15-minute exams with patients.
water is the key ingredient in the evolution, the origin of life on a planet.
and there's no adaption.
i felt, when i had my photographs, that i was holding on to something true, regardless of agendas or politics.
so the lucifer effect, although it focuses on the negatives -- the negatives that people can become, not the negatives that people are -- leads me to a psychological definition. evil is the exercise of power.
and none of this was stated to the court as an assumption or presented to the jury that way.
she's turning it inside out.
people who spent money on other people got happier.
and actually, chris called me a week after i'd given my talk and he said, we're going to start putting them online.
so for us, this was a graphic public campaign called connect bertie.
pm nadia, i think you've just given us a very different view of yemen.
now, sudhir got to know very well the guy who had the unfortunate assignment of trying to take the iowa franchise.
well, that's the end of my talk.
well, within about three weeks, i incautiously turned that idea of a couple of time-lapse cameras into 25 time-lapse cameras.
a lexicon is a body of words that describes a domain.
you know, it's such a long wait that i actually started to even think about it in terms of teds.
and that was that it freed up the perimeter of the auditorium in a most unusual way.
it's as if there's a committee meeting going on in your head as you are trying to decide what to do.
and if that's the case, then the question is how many telephones did we have at that time?
its composer called debussy said that art was the greatest deception of all.
and as you can see, it gives you a pretty crappy performance.
your headmaster said to you -- i mean he found you kind of an enigma at your school -- he said, you're either going to be a millionaire or go to prison, and i'm not sure which.
that's our tragedy.
this is a completely gratuitous video i'm just going to show of one of the pitfalls of advanced technology.
this thing's selling still about a million copies a month.
everybody says it's a 100 laptop; you can't do it.
how do we get a personal baseline about what's going to work for you?
the biodiversity and the biodensity in the ocean is higher, in places, than it is in the rainforests.
and it was extraordinary to be taken by a priest.
i remember vividly, sitting there in the hospital.
they will switch from one country to another, from one jurisdiction to another -- moving around the world, using the fact that we don't have the capability to globally police operations like this.
but, no, even if we were all steroid-filled football players, the answer is no.
synapses can be created, and they can be eliminated.
she googled, and she found this world whistling championship in america, of course.
but other countries in europe, notably the nordic countries, are showing that it's possible to have a kick-ass economy without being a workaholic.
we looked at each other with these looks of disbelief at what we had just completed.
his music never ceases to sound fresh and surprising to me.
and mr. heifetz was a very cool person, so he picked up his violin and said, funny, i don't hear anything.
i was married when i was 14.
and i'm presenting it here at ted. why?
which will be the altitude at which you would like to fly in your life, to get to the success that you wish to have, to get to the point that really belongs to you, with the potential you have, and the one you can really fulfill?
and that's what will happen to us.
mike rowe celebrates dirty jobs
this one was unexpected because i started the year as an agnostic, and by the end of the year, i became what a friend of mine calls a reverent agnostic, which i love.
well, i have to admit, actually, that i also had a very selfish reason for building mathematica i wanted to use it myself, a bit like galileo got to use his telescope 400 years ago.
if i were in charge of the internet, you could mapquest your lover's mood swings.
i know that it's very intangible, touching people's hearts and souls, but the only way that i know how to do it, the only way that i know how to reach out to somebody's heart and soul all across the world is by showing them a film.
what are the chances that represents a peak of human flourishing?
we've written a number of things on the role of gaia hypothesis -- whether or not you could consider earth as a single entity in any meaningful scientific sense, and then, as an outgrowth of that, i worked on the environmental consequences of nuclear war.
now wouldn't you know it, there's some beetles that just love to make love at that temperature.
neither did the liberians, although there was a huge amount of relief in their laughter as they clapped us on the back, and went back up to their room and left us alone in the street, holding hands.
and when we act like it is, and we stop entertaining the possibility that we could be wrong, well that's when we end up doing things like dumping 200 million gallons of oil into the gulf of mexico, or torpedoing the global economy.
consumerism,culture,faith,meme,philosophy,religion
and when i met harriet in person the next year at the ted conference, she'd gone online and ordered our own happy haplotype t-shirts.
so we started with them prototyping some really little things that we could do to have a huge amount of impact.
it's a fantastic example, a simple object.
the first time it was a c-section.
this is a popular explanation, and there's lots of truth to it, because taking big risks, as we all know, pays a lot of money.
and while i was reading all these articles about cancer, it seemed that the articles -- a lot of them -- focused on, you know, the genetics of breast cancer, and the genesis and the progression of breast cancer -- tracking the cancer through the body, tracing where it is, where it goes.
music can change your life, more than almost anything.
krispy kreme has a strategy, and what they do is, they enter a city, they talk to the people with otaku, and then they spread through the city to the people who've just crossed the street.
so how do you know if your breasts are dense?
and i really learned this lesson during the sex scandals of the clinton administration or, or as i call them, the good ol' days.
and forests dried out once more. going upright became a lifestyle.
unfortunately, i cannot show their faces, neither can i disclose their true names, and that's because my fellow riders are juvenile inmates, offenders spending time in a correction facility about 20 minutes' ride from here -- well, like everything in israel.
you can't just turn to the people that are browsing digital cameras on the same page as you, and ask them, hey, have you seen one of these before? because i'm thinking about buying it.
but if instead i start to meet a higher number of nest maintenance workers, i'm less likely to forage.
she'd make this kind of, like, wall of tofu cooking, and it would confuse the customers, because they all thought it was a restaurant.
and we will do other centers.
what he showed -- he sat on a stage like this, and he demonstrated this system.
so, i said if i'm going to put a circle, see what kind of patterns i get, boom, the red system.
twenty years ago, robert axelrod used the prisoner's dilemma as a probe of the biological question if we are here because our ancestors were such fierce competitors, how does cooperation exist at all?
i believe in just enriching the economy.
my first attempt on pure o2, i was able to go up to 15 minutes.
when it's tapped, the affirmation of being alive, it reaches you almost to a cellular level.
here you see planks sold by the foot and we have supplies to combat scurvy.
information technologies double their capacity, price performance, bandwidth, every year.
i've got to admit i feel silly saying that.
king david said that he knew the depths of his own soul.
and we find that we've been able to manualize many of them, and we actually carry out random assignment efficacy and effectiveness studies.
i actually smelt someone with some on earlier.
so i went looking for contacts in st. petersburg, and through a long road, we eventually found this one particular website.
the swiss have an interesting army. five hundred years without a war.
if you wonder, why it is the tarahumara don't fight and don't die of heart disease, why a poor ethiopian woman named derartu tulu can be the most compassionate and yet the most competitive, and why we somehow were able to find food without weapons, perhaps it's because humans, as much as we like to think of ourselves as masters of the universe, actually evolved as nothing more than a pack of hunting dogs.
they've found small objects such as these.
so, look what they did.
so the recovery rate of all this stuff is going to be variable.
this is a live story unfolding just in the last few weeks.
i just wanted to show that over 60 percent of the yemeni population are 15 years and below.
nadia al-sakkaf see yemen through my eyes
and you might form the intuition that the unhappy people occupy a different structural location within the network.
and then dr. oscar arias came forward.
i want to play you a tiny clip of it now for no other reason than to give you proof positive that there is nothing tiny about south african music making.
it suggests that there's all kinds of other things that motivate us to work or behave in all kinds of ways.
and the market reformer was successful there.
and then if you look carefully, there is all little things.
by 2050, it's estimated that twice the number of us are going to be living in cities.
these are, of course, not the only insights i could share, but i hope they give you a clear sense at least of why we need to stop kowtowing to them, why we need to rebel and why we need to switch our independent decision-making capabilities on.
this is the movement from americans defining their success on having things to having liquidity, because the less excess that you have around you, the more nimble and fleet of foot you are.
he said we should use our reason to figure out the rules by which we should guide our conduct, and then it is our duty to follow those rules.
this is social mobility.
which means that, while we all have one biography, they have many.
oh, not so lucky.
so if we add in a chimpanzee here, we will see more differences.
how wonderful would it be if we were prepared to replace all of our lofty words with our wallets and invest 500 billion dollars unleashing women's economic potential?
today, i'm going to talk to you about sketching electronics.
we're very, very early. thank you very much.
committed sex is premeditated sex.
and the guy looked at me and said, now what can i do for you, mr. gehry?
i know i needed to change, because it would be the only way that i could be here today.
by month 12, we could argue whether there's a little bit of material around the edges, but it's essentially completely gone.
david byrne how architecture helped music evolve
but i'd like to describe to you a more subtle kind of diversity and tell you about the ants.
after treatment, about every week, we run the child on a battery of simple visual tests in order to see how their visual skills are coming on line.
other studies have shown this as well.
it turns out that kids love it when the character becomes real and enters into their world.
what do they look like?
that we will be collecting data during five seconds, and that would correspond to one terabyte of data -- that's 800,000 books and 16 kilometers of phone books.
the most important thing to understand here is that there's a different kind of charge associated with each of these forces.
now, the ones that it doesn't work are interesting.
aa they called it their walkalong glider.
and on some of those planets, the oxygen, which had been created in that first generation of stars, could fuse with hydrogen to form water, liquid water on the surface.
now, you must have all taken a band-aid off at some point, and you must have wondered what's the right approach.
and then somebody says, wait, wait, wait, wait, i found it.
very, very convenient solution to that particular problem.
on that self, it should be centered -- a bigness, a wholeness.
it could compute. it couldn't just calculate. it could do more.
this is flat. look how many links there are in the actual entry two
but that's totally another and separate topic.
and again, when you start seeing that kind of embrace, and you start looking at them leading their rural lifestyle with a very, very small footprint and moving into an urban lifestyle with a much higher footprint, it starts to become very sobering.
today they're saving half a day's labor with a two minute phone call.
and without skipping a beat at all, he said, well, they'd be about the same.
and the effect of this is that as the droplets start to form on the bumps, they stay in tight, spherical beads, which means they're much more mobile than they would be if it was just a film of water over the whole beetle's shell.
here are the actual patients, there are 45,000 of them now, sharing their stories as data.
it supports wild fish including cutthroat, brown and rainbow trout.
and i think that's what i'd like to talk about today.
and hold onto your seats, because if we zoom in on those faces, remark how they have the same broad forehead, the horizontal eyebrows, the long nose, the curved lips and the small, well-developed chin.
first, don't become a cannibal.
you slept in the bush, but you kept going.
after this ahmedabad trip i've been like a totally different mingling with people and all of those.
instead, i'd step into my train.
they're super-efficient. we had a very low budget to work with.
the green agenda is probably the most important agenda and issue of the day.
and this was one of those instances where i realized how much blogging affects our relationship, and flattening this sort of world.
and i knew, right then, at age six, that is an animal that i want to learn more about. so i did.
the second wish is, at the present time, the clinical trials of transcranial magnetic stimulators -- that's what tms means, device to treat migraine headaches -- appears to be quite successful.
now just like the physical maps of our world that have been highly influenced by technology -- think google maps, the same thing is happening for brain mapping through transformation.
and so that's exactly what we've done, and we've sort of taken two strategies.
this is convex lens leadership.
that's the cheetah generation, and africa's salvation rests on the backs of these cheetahs.
these dots here represent some of the english-speaking world's feelings from the last few hours, each dot being a single sentence stated by a single blogger.
and i'd like to read you what sagan wrote about it, just to finish, because i cannot say words as beautiful as this to describe what he saw in that picture that he had taken.
and i flew back to austria, packed my bags, and, another week later, i was again on my way to hong kong still superstitions and thinking, well, if that 'winner' billboard is still up, i'm going to have a good time working here.
that means that both in the ground and above the ground it can make better use of the available light, it can store more carbon in the system, it can provide more functions.
you should just come across to see how well our children do.
and it turns out that in india there's a long tradition of names being based on horoscopes and star constellations present at the time of birth.
such things in the early history of babies occur in real babies.
this you can ask by voice any question.
we have this great north. and there was a pretty small population, and my father was an avid outdoorsman.
and after injury, blood vessels actually have to grow under the scab in order to heal a wound.
so let me just end with giving you a little picture of what i think cancer treatment will be like in the future.
possibilities about our ancestry, but not the probabilities that we're really looking for.
i have never in my life felt anything like that moment.
actually it sounded nice in the beginning, but when you look at 600 summaries, it's quite a lot.
keep your eyes lifted and your head turning.
if you agree with the factual analysis, but you don't feel the sense of urgency, where does that leave you?
from 40 to 50, grown easy and sly, i wined them and dined them, like pigs in a sty.
tony blair and cherie. and again, the legalities -- we had to be very careful.
as a result, dclass consumption is in.
but you know.
all i have to do is sit, and they do everything.
life expectancy has gone up by about 25 years.
and after that comes india.
if you don't, you're not alone.
and they said, oh no, you can't study theory about brains.
dead-center john dewey.
an fm device in the cortex of the brain, the motor cortex, will send signals in real time to the motor points in the relevant muscles so that the person will be able to move their arm, let's say, in real time, if they've lost control of their arm.
but where i really learned about octopus was in the field, as a filmmaker making films with them, where you're allowed to spend large periods of time with the animals, seeing octopus being octopus in their ocean homes.
this is 1962, and united states was emitting 16 tons per person.
now the uphill battle for ghana and for africa is not over, but i have proof that the other side of democracy exists, and that we must not take it for granted.
and most responsible people that measure temperatures realize you have to shield your measuring device from that.
and about four or five months ago, he underwent an experimental procedure.
these things are continuing to happen.
and the patient puts his phantom left arm, which is clenched and in spasm, on the left side of the mirror, and the normal hand on the right side of the mirror, and makes the same posture, the clenched posture, and looks inside the mirror. and what does he experience?
it was told by an anonymous kwakiutl indian of southern alaska to a missionary in 1896, and here it is.
and you can imagine what that would be like, right, in your own life -- and i know this is true of some of you -- if you were drinking all day, and then you switched from a depressant to a stimulant in your life, you would have better ideas.
we took a lesson from ideo, one of our favorite companies, and quickly did a prototyping on this, and took jacqueline into the area where she lives.
and the religions that should be making a major contribution are instead seen as part of the problem.
and we do all this -- and to go back to the original question, what do people carry?
i almost never show them off because of the issue of the idea of failure.
and even though they're used in labs to promote human lives, they're also considered pests.
she's never going to know a world where video games aren't incredibly emotional and will probably make her cry.
the problem with the african continent and the problem with the aid industry is that it has distorted the structure of incentives facing the governments in africa.
will we be quick enough to react before millions die?
we construct it and we construct those ideas.
the only appropriate response would be a compassionate silence and some kind of practical help.
he very carefully and meticulously notes his results in an exercise book.
well, here's an example from my own experience.
he had an idea, a very clear idea.
as you're thinking, this is a toy model of something like selling in the stock market during a rising market. right?
you know viennese audiences usually don't interfere with the music.
httpwww.ted.comtalksmayabeisersandhercellos.html
and here we have a game that people play.
so i spent a lot of time in this building.
for those of you who remember your physics, that's a zero-angular-momentum righting response. but it's like a cat.
if you think about the world, and even just in this audience, most of us are involved with buildings.
although there is a sofa, if you watch in the kitchen, you can see that the great difference for women does not come between one to 10 dollars.
we recovered minds with a complete sense of self and a complete sense of our own existence, yet we hardly ever pause to consider this wonder.
getting closer to shore, where we are, this was in fact taken in the galapagos.
even though i present confident, i was scared.
so i want to give a little bit of a different perspective of how we can perhaps look at these things in a little bit of a different way.
this is -- you know, you'd think by now i'm -- and still holding?
pettengill was a 23-year-old vet who had planned to make the army a career, but then he got a severe back injury in iraq, and that forced him to take a medical discharge.
so that is the way i feel that i can only try to approach this notion of being compassionate, of understanding that there is a connectivity, that there is a unity in this world; that i want to try and serve that unity, and that i can try and do that by understanding, i hope, trying to understand something of the pain of others; but understanding that there are limits, that people have to bear responsibility for some of the problems that come upon them; and that i have to understand that there are limits to my energy, to the giving i can give.
when i type anything, this voice will speak whatever i type.
and they were great community leaders.
these are things where genes are turned on in an individual cell type.
and they feature as their role models really great salesmen.
ok?
so, for example, there is the character of noora.
every time you go to an area where for 43 years of independence, we still don't have basic health facilities.
i mean, think about that. how grand. how ambitious.
light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history.
so i decided to unpack that data a little bit further to see if that was true or false.
and we are starting a biomedical engineering program, so that we will train people locally, who can repair that equipment.
we see that play itself out with empathy and respect.
so we created an antiangiogenic paste.
but what housman understood, and you hear it in the symphonies of nielsen too, was that the long, hot, silvan summers of stability of the 19th century were coming to a close, and that we were about to move into one of those terrifying periods of history when power changes.
and in this paper, they show something much more striking, and that was that they did what they call a radiation -- and i'm not going to go into the details of it, actually it's quite complicated, but it isn't as complicated as they might make you think it is by the words they use in those papers. if you really get down to it, they say, the sun puts out a certain amount of energy -- we know how much that is -- it falls on the earth, the earth gives back a certain amount.
it's stupefyingly difficult to make something that refracts light like that, that comes out of the tool correctly, that goes down the line without falling over.
i think this is important because media, all media, provide us a window back into our world.
we had to give him a problem because when we first created milo, we realized that he came across as a little bit of a brat, to be honest with you.
what if it was a trip to rome, all expenses paid, transportation, breakfast, but doesn't include coffee in the morning.
just quickly on the results.
first they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, and then you win.
the human juggernaut is permanently eroding earth's ancient biosphere by a combination of forces that can be summarized by the acronym hippo, the animal hippo.
then i decided i had to get really smart, i would take this job in the west coast.
and our revenues are going to go this, that and the other thing.
they control pests, and they're food for animals.
i understand.
i called it three guys and wonho.
this image i've decided to show having a reservation about it.
nature in the 19th-century sense, alright?
fg anyway, the siza thing.
so that's johnny depp, of course.
they are not soldiers prepared for this mission at all.
and several things are important.
try and inflate it.
and that enables us to develop germination protocols.
and so, when you study it, you realize that different people of the world have a different understanding of the world.
1933, vera mahler found, when it was acknowledged by others, it felt real in the mind.
it's to replace competition by collaboration.
and the second project that was just finished in los angeles that uses some of the same ideas. it uses landscape as a major idea.
being absolutely true to yourself is freedom.
in the past 10 years, five million people have died due to a war in the east.
we might not have survived that recession but for the advantages of sustainability.
so first of all we decided -- that we needed about one-third bookstore, one-third google cafe, about 20 percent registration, 80 percent luxury hotel, about five percent for restrooms.
and the kinds of teams they bring in?
but i can't put in an electrode and say, go there.
we had an animal running on a treadmill at duke university on the east coast of the united states, producing the brainstorms necessary to move.
so, short-term peacekeepers.
this is an idea for a gas-injected, one-piece polymer chair.
the more democratic our societies have been, the more equal they have been becoming.
416
and this is how we've seen the ocean since the beginning of time.
the result is hells and heavens.
thats all there is to it.
we're molded by the same life force.
whoa.
that of a difference. then gradually ... and gradually ...
this jellyfish, for example, has a spectacular bioluminescent display.
and he said, well there's 2,000 physicists on wall street now, and i'm one of them.
it says, well, there's the sea, there are dunes, and i'm here.
how do you have safer sex, how do you use a condom regularly if there hasn't been disclosure?
everyone was glued to the tv, watching disturbing, frightening images taken from the edge of the neighborhood.
and so i've been beginning, with a variety of different projects, to understand how people can relate to machines with their eyes.
and you have to, first you have to convince yourself.
and we summarize them this way the institutes have got to be relevant, innovative, cost-effective and high quality. why?
so chinese in china, censorship is normal.
rembrandt is a propagandist in the christian view.
i really thought they were so beneath me.
that is not a superlatively efficient use of global resources, especially when you think of the billion hungry people that exist already in the world.
finally, think back to this famous scene from election night 2008 back in the united states, where cnn beamed a live hologram of hip hop artist will.i.am into their studio for an interview with anderson cooper.
so here's a tale of passion.
and again, in action.
chris anderson so, some combustible material there.
and then we decided to help people out of poverty, now that we got aids somewhat out of the way -- this time, not with government alone, but in cooperation with the business community.
one afternoon, kees moeliker got a research opportunity few ornithologists would wish for a flying duck slammed into his glass office building, died, and then  what happened next would change his life. note contains graphic images and descriptions of sexual behavior in animals.
so in the old one, if i wanted to go on to an airline web page, i went from my computer, to an ftp site, to another airline computer.
so, we are not being charged with the adequate response to what is happening.
whereas i felt that when you design, you either improve or you create a detriment to the community in which you're designing in.
great person.
very soon, the same systems that we use today to bring music and entertainment and gps information into our vehicles are going to be used to create a smart vehicle network.
this is terrible, this oil -- it's in the water.
the contest said, send in your numbers and whoever is close to two-thirds of the average will win a big prize.
i can animate the lines.
now, i don't have a tv, which makes me a freak, but very productive, and -- -- and this episode of lost, i understand, where the overweight guy has a lucky number which was not a lucky number, which was how long they'd been on the island, but they looked, and the numbers did not match.
it means the netherlands is a peaceful country.
just one more.
you'll get it he said.
when this picture appeared, that well-known scientific journal, the new york times, wrote in its editorial, mars is uninteresting.
how many ancient mariners have had a bad day? the number's a million.
this is the blood vessels.
it's just incredible; no hollywood designer could come up with something more interesting than that.
well the good news is that most physicians in this case decided to pull the patient and try the ibuprofen.
geron, just last year, started the first trial using human embryonic stem cells to treat spinal cord injuries.
right, so here you want -- entrepreneurs by definition are people who are leaving something else, starting a new world over here, creating and putting their lifeblood into this kind of thing.
he felt like he had made a good choice with the design process because it was both energy efficient and it washed away the building's resident microbial landscape.
and then you can also text the fish.
so we may consider that the more those are invading our mind, and, like a chain reaction, the more we feel miserable, we feel tormented.
so until something is available for women with dense breasts, there are things that you should know to protect yourself.
brent lawson happy to be here.
the truth is that 20 years of very good research have shown us that there are groups that are more likely to turnover large numbers of partners in a short space of time.
timbuktu was one great big market town.
but that's a probabilistic statement.
that big brown makes his eyespot very big.
and we left karachi one morning before dawn.
female narrator women come to us, and they are crying and scared.
it's a project by the long now foundation, which was founded by tedsters including kevin kelly and stewart brand.
when i gave up sugar for 30 days, day 31 looked like this.
i was thrilled to get it. i was thrilled to be the only person standing on the stage with a shiny silver helmet.
and that's, kind of, where i see what my job is and what our team's job is.
surgery, chemotherapy and radiation are the best-known methods for treating cancer. at tedmed, bill doyle presents a new approach, called tumor treating fields, which uses electric fields to interrupt cancer cell division. still in its infancy -- and approved for only certain types of cancer -- the treatment comes with one big benefit quality of life.
many of you have probably used this.
that's why they migrate to cities.
it is essential for success.
forget it, they will confuse you even if you know how to draw.
9,758, this will take me a little bit of time, so bear with me.
so you've got to watch your space for that.
and at the end of the day, what could possibly be more important than that?
so that's pretty much it.
they have no education and no freedom.
scene from a movie apocalypse now -- great movie.
i've become uncomfortable when i'm separated from my laptop.
it's a very beautiful structure.
so we may not think about them, but they're always around.
it can move from a fertilized egg to a spat, which is when they're floating through the water, and when they're ready to attach onto another oyster, to an adult male oyster or female oyster, in a number of weeks.
since you have to pay for the nurse anyway, the cost per immunization ends up being cheaper if you give incentives than if you don't.
now, you notice that there is not the slightest doubt in my mind that this is going to work if you look at my face, right?
and so what i'm showing you over here, these are actual exercises that i started writing for my cousins.
i'm glad to say that is starting to happen now.
it's just a little server control and i made a little video going hi, my name's furby, and i'm good, you know, and then i'd reach my hand.
they wanted to tell them how bad it would be if they didn't brush and floss their teeth.
i flew here yesterday.
my cat gave birth to four kittens, purring all the time.
here i just brought it back to its original state.
the issues were, of course, ethnic sectarian violence.
nothing lights up the brain like play.
and i know because when you look at the rainfall, these particular insects, these globe skimmers breed in temporary rain water pools.
that's somehow unprofessional and bad.
but when you're standing at the beach, i want you to think that you're standing at the edge of a very unfamiliar world.
but my parents live thousands of miles away, so they just don't get to see each other that often.
and it'll depend on where we live, whether we live alone or have a family, how much cool stuff we have, how much we're willing to accept the risk of theft.
and so he came up with this theory, and he said, this will be cool, because it'll be a longer growing season in sweden, you know, and the surfers liked it, the surfers thought, that's a cool idea, because it's pretty cold in the ocean sometimes, and -- but a lot of other people later on started thinking it would be bad, you know.
behavioral is subconscious, you're unaware of it.
how interesting.
and what this data represents for our family at a personal level, the impact has already been immense, and we're still learning its value.
he just knows how to run a company.
and a new form of music was born.
and infants die.
and i thought, do i tell this jerk to quit it?
i didn't always like her, but i did respect her, and she taught me a heck of a lot.
i promise you the hand of the doris duke charitable foundation is stretched out in friendship for now and years to come.
in these partnerships, i have also learned that people tend to compartmentalize themselves into it people, and movie star people, and scientists, but when we share nature, when we share our perspectives about nature, we find a common denominator.
there's a basic equation that we can't get away from.
doing things like i'm doing right now -- traveling to cannes.
the episode of star trek for me was james daly played methuselah -- remember this one?
for instance, if you look at the odds on horses at a racetrack, they predict almost perfectly how likely a horse is to win.
you must fight anyone who encroaches upon it.
and then, of course, you know, they pulled one of those sneaky nasa things, where they had extra batteries and extra gas aboard and everything, and then, at the last minute, they landed.
total transformation that can actually transform the very lives that need the food.
bertie county is kind of a prime example in the demise of rural america.
and the proteins are all of the little things in your body that are signaling between the cells -- actually, the machines that are operating -- that's where the action is.
so i went to indiana, which was actually as good as caltech in genetics, and besides, they had a really good basketball team.
it goes up to four meters per second when it runs.
this emerging economy really is helping the revival of the world economy.
little balls in wooden tracks are really susceptible to humidity and temperature and a little bit of dust, and they fall out of the tracks, the exact angles makes it hard to get right.
let's actually try that.
it moves this way over here.
but then i began to think of other things.
the experiments had to be wrong, and they were.
i went searching for a type of molecule, any molecule, that would have that vibration and that -- the obvious prediction was that it should absolutely smell of sulfur.
republicans like republicans. that's not a surprise.
if you're multiplying the rig, so you multiply how many layers of absorbent you're using, you can collect a lot more.
i remember walking out of the theater and becoming suddenly aware of this fact, as we walked hand in hand, and pondering these very same questions.
let's go to approaches.
you become whatever it is that will freeze you, numb you and protect you from doubt or change.
this is dr. fan jianchuan.
and your next question is, can you light a little torch-bulb with a battery, a bulb and one piece of wire?
and it is all about this planet.
it's still with us today.
we would die by the billions, and very quickly the wolves would get us, we would be defenseless, we would be unable to grow enough food, or find enough food.
now, obviously, this is kind of a standard keyboard, but of course i can rescale it to make it work well for my hands.
but here's the thing about my grandfather.
and so they needed to be able to quickly transform between different theater organizations, and for operational budget reasons, this actually no longer happens in pretty much any multi-form theater in the united states, so we needed to figure out a way to overcome that.
i like to build stuff.
so we captured one of these, and i brought it into the lab.
it's like the older women somehow forgot.
to pretend they're not a mess when they are a mess.
and i say to them, i think we need to do three things.
so, for example, if i have, like  this is the sound of purple.
and i thought, after all this atrocity, this is how human beings really pray.
so, it was possible to get enough food.
the yellow-green area is the fluids of blood, which is mostly water, but it's also antibodies, sugars, hormones, that kind of thing.
it's a true story about the united states today, and the disease i'm referring to is actually motor vehicle accidents for children.
but you lose that contract for a major brand name, that's the difference between staying in business or going bankrupt.
they do some of the smart things we do, some of the kind of not so nice things we do, like steal it and so on.
i went on a psychopath spotting course, and i am now a certified -- and i have to say, extremely adept -- psychopath spotter.
because these were ideas that we were talking about, building things next to each other, making -- it's all about a metaphor for a city, maybe.
so thank you very much.
you face the circumstances you have in front of you and you go forward.
these ones, interestingly, are 400 miles north of here outside barrow-in-furness in cumbria.
you can see that just from the map alone.
and i'm almost sure most of you have thought, oh, come on, can't you do something more intelligent than shooting at zombies?
there were only two other dannys on the internet then.
when somebody comes to me and ask for what i am known, i mean, yes, lemon squeezer, toilet brush, toothpick, beautiful toilet seats, and why not -- a toothbrush?
the problem is that, in cancer, there isn't something else that's inside of you.
of course, that's mainly because climate change has good pictures.
now imagine what you could place in your hands an apple, maybe your wallet.
then modern humans emerged somewhere in africa, came out of africa, presumably in the middle east.
this is a and b are kind of the points where she's sort of a little bit curious about these things -- doesn't know.
and these are six minutes they really prepared for the ted audience.
there's another simulation of the cerebellum -- that's more than half the neurons in the brain -- again, works very similarly to human skill formation.
there's nothing inherent about red that makes it long wavelength.
but the current entry-level cars in comparison to that is eight percent less, but 21 percent more inside space.
two and a half thousand pounds.
next is an australian artist, janeen jackson, and this is from a project of hers called what an artwork does when we're not watching.
they needed to open up space for somebody else that they thought could come back from whatever they were going through.
when i finished, i went to the ituri forest for my internship.
this guy had met hitler and gandhi within six months, and every time i'd ask him about it, he'd say, oh, i just happened to be there.
and detroit will make money on every unit.
it's us who act as the surrounding community around any conflict, who can play a constructive role.
do you know, of the 1.3 billion chinese, over 90 percent of them think they belong to the same race, the han?
it will dry up inside.
and that's what would please the maximum number of people.
so now the teachers know exactly what the students have been up to, how long they have been spending every day, what videos have they been watching, when did they pause the videos, what did they stop watching, what exercises are they using, what have they been focused on?
with eduardo it's about the expression of nature.
now a block of limestone, in itself, isn't particularly that interesting.
and it is.
and he said, to whom did you wish harm?
and i think that's probably one of the most important technology trends that we're looking at today.
sometimes we're willing participants in deception for the sake of social dignity, maybe to keep a secret that should be kept secret, secret.
it's part of that galaxy, and it's shining as brightly as the center of the galaxy with a billion suns in it.
and in that time, i have seen a lot of changes.
for instance, the museum of glass in tacoma, washington, my home state -- yoohoo washington
and the ice that is there is quite thin.
unfortunately, the world heritage convention does not recognize the need to protect areas beyond national jurisdiction, at present.
we have a wingspan of about two meters.
and once a creature pops into our minds, it's almost like the process of creation is to discover the way this creature really wants to exist and what form it wants to take and what way it wants to move.
and this is one of the beauties of exchange, is it actually creates the momentum for more specialization, which creates the momentum for more exchange and so on.
he also received a visit from the leader of the black community, a minister, who said, mr. teszler, i sure hope you're going to hire some black workers for this new plant of yours.
and it's not just successfully starring in films that's dangerous.
and, again, that was just for the joy of it.
botswana -- upper middle-income country in southern africa, democratic government, good economy, and this is what happened there.
it's a mystery.
so it's a slow process, but there is no other way.
even that though. another confession once in a book on pre-war poland, a studio portrait, an absolute angel, an absolute angel with tormented, tormenting eyes.
and darwinian evolution is really the core theory.
i wanted you to see this gallery because it's as good as it gets.
children who plan their own goals, set weekly schedules, evaluate their own work build up their frontal cortex and take more control over their lives.
for example, sweden is all the way on the right, and denmark, that we think is culturally very similar, is all the way on the left.
and if one of those particular things is expressing in your body, then you take gleevec and you're cured.
it's that simple.
because i'm writing a book about all this, i'm still looking into it, so i don't have the answer.
and recently, i was in easter island, which is an incredibly beautiful place, and an incredibly mysterious place, because no matter where you go in easter island, you're struck by these statues, called the moai.
not anymore.
if you are a child under the age of 10 who haven't been ruined yet, you will look at this image and see dolphins. now, some of you adults here are saying, what dolphins? what dolphins?
actually, i'm going to pass over this.
and so both sides were progressing, but part of the synthesis had to be accomplished or was able to be accomplished using yeast, putting the fragments in yeast and yeast would assemble these for us.
hazel clausen is an anthropologist who took a sabbatical and decided, you know, i would learn a lot about culture if i created a culture that doesn't exist from scratch.
let's take a look at some numbers.
culture,global issues,security,technology
i just wanted to show quickly.
what happened?
so, i hid in a time dimension.
give him some money.
this is our group, our main group of weavers.
this is a depiction of all of the water on earth in relation to the volume of the earth -- all the ice, all the fresh water, all the sea water -- and all the atmosphere that we can breathe, in relation to the volume of the earth.
and we've seen that repeatedly through this conference -- not just this year, but in past years.
i didn't think i'd make it.
plants have evolved to create little landing strips here and there for bees that might have lost their way.
at the end of this day i could have filled a book just with stories about law from this one teacher.
unbeknownst to many of you, the highway in the sky that i'm talking about here has been under construction for 10 years.
when ramona pierson was 22, she was hit by a drunk driver and spent 18 months in a coma. at tedxdu she tells the remarkable story of her recovery -- drawing on the collective skills and wisdom of a senior citizens' home.
now not everything that can be done should be done.
and then, because you felt that satisfaction, you're less motivated to do the actual hard work necessary.
in fact, it was always done manual.
we've made small wins in diseases like chronic myelogenous leukemia, where we have a pill that can put 100 percent of people in remission, but in general, we haven't made an impact at all in the war on cancer.
suddenly, my cancer was a cancer that was everywhere, the cancer of cruelty, the cancer of greed, the cancer that gets inside people who live down the streets from chemical plants -- and they're usually poor -- the cancer inside the coal miner's lungs, the cancer of stress for not achieving enough, the cancer of buried trauma, the cancer in caged chickens and polluted fish, the cancer in women's uteruses from being raped, the cancer that is everywhere from our carelessness.
and if i turn the book the other way, we're looking across the square at the front of the pantheon.
i didn't know a single person.
some people see a dalmatian dog.
but i think our generation also might be the first to have the courage to embrace both love and power.
no one is at the beach. so there is a bright side to everything.
and there are two important messages, or two lessons, to take from that reality.
that's why investments by gates foundation, unicef and aid organizations, together with national government in the poorest countries, are so good; because they are actually helping us to reach a sustainable population size of the world.
notice that the fact that the concept of health is open, genuinely open for revision, does not make it vacuous.
we're doing two different things here.
we think we're onto something.
the exponential growth of computing started decades before gordon moore was even born.
and this is exactly what the archeological record shows.
something always seems to stop us.
you can break up the material, for example, into these short, modular units of eight to 12 minutes, each of which represents a coherent concept.
i've written books about the history of space, the history of physics and religion, and i write articles for people like the new york times and the l.a. times.
i understood that in its suffering, the islamic world had been crying out. why weren't we listening?
so i had to give up the approach of drawing the fantasy shapes and convert it to technical drawings -- the shape of the wing, the shape of the fuselage and so on -- and build an airplane over these drawings that i knew followed some of the principles of flying.
this is the number one high resolution, most precise spectrograph on this planet, called harps, which is actually used to detect extrasolar planets and sound waves in the atmospheres of stars.
and about a year ago, an internet dating service, match.com, came to me and asked me if i would design a new dating site for them.
you see what looks like little medusa heads coming out.
it's never going to convince anybody to do something that they don't want to do.
it is vital that we do so.
and those people don't think -- they don't -- they don't always tell you the truth, you know.
we're going to give you one as your prize to take home.
if this woman has to carry water on her head for miles and miles and miles, you cannot be celebrating that.
for that entire time, the world only exists as an abstraction, as he is taught the values of society, including this notion that their prayers alone maintain the cosmic balance.
it creates a representation of language crap.
and apollo was one of the greatest motivators ever.
and what you see is bright and dark regions, and that's about as far as it got for us.
fortunately, people right now cannot be deceived.
all we need to do is solidify the parts that we need to be solid, and then excavate the sand, and we have our architecture.
i was like, okay, that's social skill.
but the thing that's alarming is a couple of months ago, in mexico, where bt corn and all genetically altered corn is totally illegal, they found bt corn genes in wild corn plants.
it's hard to study a bluefin on its turf, the entire pacific realm.
the secretary of defense doesn't know much about iran.
and the story is that leopold auenbrugger was the son of an innkeeper.
other ones have a focus on health care, tourism, engineering and other fields.
they are the same. okay?
i think we call it restorative seafood.
he had helped shape britain's post-war institutions, its welfare state, its economy, but had sort of reinvented himself as a social entrepreneur, became an inventor of many, many different organizations.
well, solar power airplanes are not new.
child potatoes. jamie oliver potato? so, you think these are potatoes?
and the interesting thing is if you do it for love, the money comes anyway.
and from out of stage left comes this wild, male polar bear, with a predatory gaze.
and in stand-up of course, the stand-up comedian is supposed to dominate the audience.
one grows up to become a computer scientist, one grows up to join the navy, one grows up to become an engineer, and then there's me the comic book artist.
you can see, it's pretty much perfect.
in grade five, they taped a sign to the front of her desk that read, beware of dog.
we're going to force you to act against your will, to bend to our will.
i have days that i believe, but i have days that i'm full of doubt.
and i'm such a technician, so i loved this project, getting to play with all the techniques.
this is male blogging posture sitting, and the result is, for greater comfort, men naturally sit with their legs farther apart than women, when working on laptop.
it had three chemicals we were really surprised to see sulfur, potassium nitrate and charcoal.
or, in the words of f. scott fitzgerald, as the moon rose higher, the inessential houses began to melt away until gradually i became aware of the old island here that once flowered for dutch sailors' eyes, a fresh green breast of the new world.
614
935
how much do you want to pay for it?
damien runs a hotel outside of kinshasa.
everything is linked together.
kb no, no, you're fine, you're fine, take it off. you're ok. you're safe.
and i thought, oh no. he thinks it's a note.
i managed to do it.
i'm going to show you dominique strauss-kahn with obama who's chattering with his fingertips.
yep.
interfacing with the internet, it gets smarter over the years.
so here you've got your answer.
they get samsung, how can they be a developing country?
but the inspired leaders and the inspired organizations -- regardless of their size, regardless of their industry -- all think, act and communicate from the inside out.
and i hate to say that. but it seems as though muscle cell, possibly because of all its use, has adapted faster than other body tissues to respond to injury, to fine-tune this repair response and actually be able to finish the process which the body wants to finish. i really believe that the human body is very, very smart, and we can't counteract something the body is saying to do.
most parents would find that great.
people hate it.
they want to be part of that flow of information.
it turns out that new media isn't necessarily helping us all that much.
he takes the uniform off. he's no longer sergeant jones in his community. he's now dave from kansas city.
about half a cent a day to run.
hans rosling was a young guest student in india when he first realized that asia had all the capacities to reclaim its place as the world's dominant economic force. at tedindia, he graphs global economic growth since 1858 and predicts the exact date that india and china will outstrip the us.
military personnel are being trained for war, so they're trained that, as soon as things go bad, their first response is lethal force.
now, six amateur astronomers, working with the internet, with dobsonian digital telescopes -- which are pretty much open source -- with some light sensors developed over the last 10 years, the internet -- they can do what jodrell bank could only do 30 years ago.
thank you very much. thank you.
the stories we tell ourselves about our own lives matter.
it's what's technically known as a barchan, and the entire dune walks across the desert in a westerly direction at a speed of about 17 meters per year.
no, i'm going to tell you there's something else, and it's really fundamental, and this is what it is there's another reason why we don't have a good brain theory, and it's because we have an intuitive, strongly-held, but incorrect assumption that has prevented us from seeing the answer.
when you pick up the phone, how much tremor are you having, and what is that like, and what is that trend like over a period of time?
many of them are trying to kill us from the minute we go into them, but nevertheless, they're absolutely gripping, and contain unbelievable biological wonders that are very, very different from those that we have on the planet.
all the great progress in this country with relation to our adversaries has come by going into the room.
that's it. the task is finished.
i wish i could tell that to my daughter.
and i believe that we must have faith.
six weeks they had all people in the banking industry pretend a pandemic was underway.
and this is to power the entire u.s. vehicle fleet.
and after that first parabola, you know, the doc said everything is great. he was smiling, and we said go.
there was one object that i could not get my hands on, and that was the 1947 cheval blanc.
and as you'll notice, it's still pretty gosh darn fast slowed down 333 times. it's an incredibly powerful movement.
its cars are made from 30,000 components.
luis von ahn massive-scale online collaboration
i want to suggest that this is true, not just for how we think about things, but how we react to things.
this man is angry because somebody threw onions all over the staircase, and basically -- you know, i guess onions are a theme here.
and i thought a hotdog will be more symbolic.
now, there's some things that you can do to make your brain grow new brain cells.
565
i mean, i want you to have domain expertise.
we launched a website on september 2nd that has now served 25 million pages, and has 42,000 registered young girl users.
i mean look, you can see the necktie, but you can't even imagine seeing the size of a little, small atom.
armstrong explained the brutal reality of their situation they paid 1,500 shillings in rent, about 20 bucks a month, a relatively high price for a kenyan shantytown, and they could not afford to be late with the money.
now, they're 13 miles up the road in santa ana.
and the thing is, the normal brain ignores the details.
and it ended up in the boise river and then on to the columbia river and then to the mouth of the columbia and to the pacific ocean and then on to this place called the great pacific garbage patch -- which is this giant pacific gyre in the north pacific, where a lot of this plastic ends up floating around -- and then back onto the lagoon.
and then you have another type of bee, which we call kleptoparasites, which is a very fancy way of saying, bad-minded, murdering -- what's the word i'm looking for? murdering -- audience bee?
buy them something as a gift or a present and give it to them.
he lost badly but every democrat does.
but then i got into stuff that i didn't love, like management. i am the world's worst manager, but i figured i should be doing it, because i was, after all, the president of the company.
john, do you want to bring him up?
and if you imagine a kid pretending to be king kong, or a race car driver, or a fireman, they don't all become race car drivers or firemen, you know.
and ... wikipedia is fixed, finally.
so there are teachers who have these scripts to follow, and they know that if they follow these scripts, the kids will learn nothing.
after all, that's certainly what modern molecular biology says about us.
and vint cerf points out that sputnik led directly to arpa, and the internet, and, of course, nasa.
cover this. it's your own.
we're not trying to solve the problem.
469
like that. and then we get a little faster and a little faster and a little faster.
so, social investments in health, education and infrastructure, and electricity is really what is needed in india and china.
the mushrooms then are harvested, but very importantly, the mycelium has converted the cellulose into fungal sugars.
and we've looked at everything more aids cases, flu, etc.
dr. ernest madu runs the heart institute of the caribbean in kingston, jamaica, where he proves that -- with careful design, smart technical choices, and a true desire to serve -- it's possible to offer world-class healthcare in the developing world.
but when he looked around his organization, nobody else seemed to be at all worried.
we're ready to go. all we need is a check from nasa headquarters to cover the costs.
we'd all seen matches in kolkata, but we'd never seen anything like this shah rukh, with the bengali song, getting the audiences all worked up for kolkata -- not for india, but for kolkata.
and this is dead.
if i push even harder, i'll go through the bone structure, especially close to the ear where the bone is very soft.
i've been banging on about this like i can't believe.
i'm going to quickly go through this.
the third lesson we learned is that policy matters. it really matters.
is it the economy? well, we have now the fifth-largest economy in the world in purchasing power parity terms.
it's the first part of climb.
there is nobody on the planet who knows how to make a computer mouse.
i'm all for that.
then to niliacus lacus, which is not a bad name.
we've taken them out of their natural pyramid in order to solve this problem.
others very high on our list of regrets include career, romance, parenting, various decisions and choices about our sense of self and how we spend our leisure time -- or actually more specifically, how we fail to spend our leisure time.
what is the point?
but the second shot i did was my shoes i was wearing on the day.
and you think of the internet as this kind of distributed system.
however, to me, the 500 is really just the first 500.
i'm with my swedish assistant and guide.
the planet has crossed the halfway mark a few years ago.
because the worst thing we have done in afghanistan is this idea that failure is not an option.
well it's time to grow up, to be wiser, to be calmer, to be more considered.
and the question isn't really so much a question as an accusation.
and i've developed a very wonderful relationship with this creature by this point, and i've realized that this is a mean son of a bitch.
this symbol can in turn be followed by these fish-like symbols and some other signs, but never by these other signs at the bottom.
a friend of mine complained that this was too big and too pretty to go in the kitchen, so there's a sixth volume that has washable, waterproof paper.
lot of other things contributed to it, but the new prime minister announced that his very first priority would be to change australia's position on kyoto, and he has. now, they came to an awareness partly because of the horrible drought that they have had.
with economic opportunity, it can be transformative.
and i really wanted this story to be about three things i wanted it to be about abundance, about diversity and about resilience.
i have one image in my office.
now, modern slavery according to state department rough statistics, there are about 800,000 -- 10 times the number -- that are trafficked across international borders.
they can produce loud clicks and listen for echoes from the sea floor in order to orient.
it takes investing in those entrepreneurs that are committed to service as well as to success.
not psychology, biology.
so, he's discovering the garden.
this is what our summum bonum is.
so there are many reasons, and for all of these reasons, this is time and this is why we must talk.
and that has all sorts of advantages.
it was a very small village -- a weekly bazaar where people, just once in a week, they put in all the vats.
i discovered that there's a movement for a better way.
they have it for people with allergies to peanuts.
this is the first skeleton from a southern continent, and guess what? you start preparing it.
and dupont has a major program with statoil in norway to capture and convert the methane from the gas fields there into useful products.
raul midon plays tembererana
i'm going to show now the last project.
in youngmenowme, the audience was asked to find a childhood photograph of themselves and restage it as an adult.
and i read it, and it was just -- it was crap.
the fetus adjusts its metabolism and other physiological processes in anticipation of the environment that awaits it.
that recursive nature is the infinite game.
because they're moving real fast, relativity says the internal motions go very slow.
so check this out.
it's the only paper that will ever be freely accessible by this journal.
i can show somebody a piece of hypertext, a page which has got links, and we click on the link and bing -- there'll be another hypertext page.
it's where i really getting passion with what i'm doing right up to now -- i'm standing in front of you -- doing botany and wildlife conservation.
and i learned that you could actually negotiate with people.
the first signal was for everybody to hold up these four-foot tall letters that spelled out look up more, the name of the project.
rules and incentives don't tell you how to be a good friend, how to be a good parent, how to be a good spouse, or how to be a good doctor or a good lawyer or a good teacher.
it's good for another 6,000 liters.
right after the train crash, authorities literally wanted to cover up the train, bury the train.
ice is the canary in the global coal mine.
this is a symbol of what we can achieve when we believe in the impossible, when we have a team, when we have pioneering spirit, and especially when we understand that all the certainties we have should be thrown overboard.
twenty years back, when there was a report on bank computerization, they didn't name the report as a report on computers, they call them as ledger posting machines.
and so then i put this big billboard behind it.
and this is why i like to talk about this, because if we don't acknowledge it, then the transition will be pretty painful.
i have to have trust in them and vice versa.
this is not about money.
that's an actual quality of the trickster.
man 2 never had scientists been put under such pressure and demand.
and when you build those three rules in, automatically you start to see swarms that look very much like fish schools or bird flocks.
it looks nothing like what we would find if we dug in contemporary beds in north america.
so, the history of east asia in fact, people don't think about nations and borders.
here's a physical robot that we actually have a population of brains, competing, or evolving on the machine.
while we can't say exactly how fast these amplifying feedbacks will occur, it is certain they will occur, unless we stop the warming.
i've been a civil servant, and i've been in charge of policy for this guy as well.
i'm going in, i'm going to figure this stuff out, i'm going to spend a year, i'm going to totally deconstruct shame, i'm going to understand how vulnerability works, and i'm going to outsmart it.
we all hate moral ambiguity in some sense, and yet it is also absolutely necessary.
and they belong on the sidewalks, and they'll use it seriously.
if you want to add to this picture and try and sketch it globally, you really have to force yourself to go down to the four corners of the earth -- africa, india, antarctica, australia -- and start putting together some of these pieces.
and he despised it from the bottom of his heart.
so, i was in the cape one time, and i typed the word simplicity, and i discovered, in this weird, m. night shyamalan way, that i discovered the letters, m, i, t. you know the word?
inch by inch we killed them.
1980 the longest running court case in u.s. history, the sioux nation v. the united states, was ruled upon by the u.s. supreme court.
we have 1.5 million enrollments, 6 million quizzes in the 15 classes that have launched so far have been submitted, and 14 million videos have been viewed.
not as many votes.
so it's deceiving on two levels -- fabulous.
plus, why would santa save time by having to loop back to our house after he'd gone to everybody else's?
but what we don't often see is that there's always a third side, and the third side of the conflict is us, it's the surrounding community, it's the friends, the allies, the family members, the neighbors.
we've all had a heartache.
i think the answer is no.
same language, timeline, et cetera. makes sense.
so, i looked a little further, and what i figured out was that he wasn't a nutcase.
when we really begin to feel darwin's insights in our bones, the things we can do with nothing more than these ideas are something to be very hopeful about.
and the further out you go in this, away from the sun, the more powerful this reflection will be. so actually, this method of hunting for life gets stronger and stronger as you go further away, because the optical reflectors have to be more powerful so the reflected light shines out even more in contrast against the dark background.
this is not local population, this is rebels.
you all, i guess, like me, enjoy watching a ballet dancer dance.
i like to be in the dark.
these are really hybrids, not pure animals.
when you are at the bottom of the wave, you hit the bottom.
nic marks the happy planet index
this was first discovered in 1859.
i think that's a new species.
but the interactivity allows the audience to shape what you're going to do as much as you shape their experience of the world.
did you see how you landed?
steve case, larry, sergey -- they've done a lot already.
bl so the next step was to design an experiment, which is a game. so the kids went off and they designed this experiment, and so -- well, game -- and so, amy, can you tell us what the game was, and the puzzle that you set the bees?
httpwww.ted.comtalksburtrutanseesthefutureofspace.html
and that leads me to the next term, which is weird life.
who else?
design is not just for designers anymore. it's a process. it's not style.
so here's a food web, or a map of feeding links between species that live in alpine lakes in the mountains of california.
but, of course, i needed help and funds.
this computer appears to be fast - she's working pretty hard, and people are running around, and we think, wow, this is happening at a fast rate.
you try and think of a different way of saying the same thing, or if you know the particular student and that student's cognitive style, then you might say it in a way that you think would have a good impedance match with that student.
we marry, for example, with great pomp and ceremony and expense to signal our departure from a life of solitude and misery and loneliness to one of eternal bliss.
and now i love swimming. i can't wait to go swimming.
it's not clear.
so, the first set of pathologies, they end up in the stick man on his icon, but the rest of them are really what's important here.
we're not trying to tell them who they ought to be.
humorist john hodgman rambles through a new story about aliens, physics, time, space and the way all of these somehow contribute to a sweet, perfect memory of falling in love.
there's the grandstand now.
the flies buzzed hungrily around his legs.
but that's no longer true.
we had evolution over time, and this unbelievable mortality rate in human beings 55 percent of people who have become infected with h5n1 have, in fact, succumbed.
so it's empathy that makes us connect to other people.
we may be raising an entire generation of deaf people.
so with that, i'd like to invite onstage evan grant, who is one of last year's speakers, who's kindly agreed to help me to demonstrate what we've been able to develop.
so that when we think about using them to get some systematic improvement, we also think about how they can be useful for self-improvement, for self-discovery, self-awareness, self-knowledge.
right again.
we create stories to define our existence.
and it doesn't matter whether i'm a boy or a girl, i'm just going to scoot.
and i would like to suggest that it's not a coincidence that this supposed decline in the elite arts and criticism occurred in the same point in history in which there was a widespread denial of human nature.
and so we got invited back this past summer, and we actually moved into the hamptons, payed 3,500 dollars a week for a house, and we learned how to surf.
in about the length of this session, you would have counted all 5,000.
they've been around a long time, have been very important to coast communities.
also rode on one. i ...
this is a science of listening.
and then there was a second level to this object, which is that it -- i wanted it to convey some proportions that i was interested in, which is the diameter of the moon and the diameter of the earth in proportion to each other.
now, we've just tried and -- looked at our character and asked ourselves, can we do that ourselves as well?
the real opportunity is to harness the inventive power of the world to locally design and produce solutions to local problems.
so all of this will transform farmers.
a second part of the brain is called the dorsal stream.
you need to see what to do.
edmund schulman in the 1950s had been studying trees under great stress at timberline, and came to the realization that he put in an article in science magazine called, longevity under adversity in conifers.
i'd like to share with you the story of one of my patients called celine.
if you don't like the subject or the performance, you can hold the red.
and she looked up and said, now that's better.
so you'll have to, like, go check it out and come see me or something.
of course, a lot of people said, maybe they dance better than they play.
richard feynman compared the accuracy of quantum theories -- experimental predictions -- to specifying the width of north america to within one hair's breadth of accuracy.
neither of us could skip this ritual, which had nothing to do with detecting rales in the lung, or finding the gallop rhythm of heart failure.
are you getting more drugs because you are spending more time and more money?
how they wheedle their way into the collective psyche without us even knowing, and how that should happen.
darwin had this amazing idea.
and they will step up.
so our strategy was very simple.
so why do we get stuck in this feeling of being right?
it's not just innovation, compassion and passion -- compassion in the heart and passion in the belly.
and i will forever feel a need to make reparations to iraq.
you can see here, the small planets dominate the picture.
in other words, we're not literally replacing the components of the retina.
so i'll just share a third story.
i printed up 3,000 self-addressed postcards, just like this.
and it was worth it, because they bought this thing, and it played out on such a grand scale, and it's so internationally recognizable, but for me it was actually a very, very depressing year.
you can go to the youtube and find india innovates and then you will find these videos.
e happy birthday to you.
that's what she tells them.
that's how much we have in america, cholera that's acquired endemically, and we don't think we've got a problem here.
they're essential to the habitat.
we were four girls and no boys.
but that is not enough, because compassion, which activates the motor cortex, means that we aspire, we actually aspire to transform suffering.
this is a mountain goat.
it's a group of prop crazies just like me called the replica props forum, and it's people who trade, make and travel in information about movie props.
i've mentioned just three here today adapt all the time, empower the children, tell your story.
and then you finally get squatter homes like this, which is built on the suburban model.
this is the current -- thank you -- this is the current time. if we scrub the time, then we can see how the sky will look at different times, and we can get all of this very detailed information about different times, different dates let's move the moon a little higher in the sky, maybe change the date.
so, good things come out of, you know, incomprehension -- -- which i will do a painting of, and then it will end up in my work.
and it's basically just saying that entropy is the number of ways we can rearrange the constituents of a system so that you don't notice, so that macroscopically it looks the same.
and here you can see what he meant in one of his beautiful buildings -- the chapel notre dame du haut, ronchamp -- where he creates this light that he could only make because there's also dark.
and people have emphasized the importance of compassion, not just because it sounds good, but because it works.
so oil is playing a less significant role every year.
say 75 items in this script to teach a 25-page picture book.
so t, e, d is the same as f, e, d.
other collider experiments -- there's one that's going to take place next summer at cern -- have the possibility of creating something called strangelets, which are kind of like antimatter. whenever they hit other matter, they destroy it and obliterate it. most physicists say that the accelerators we have now are not really powerful enough to create black holes and strangelets that we need to worry about, and they're probably right.
it was like dante's inferno.
what are you focusing on?
and then there was a silence -- one of those awful silences when you know something's wrong.
all of those, not all, half of those problems mentioned last night -- government accountability, corruption, how do you fight corruption, giving voice to unheard, to poor -- it's why independent media is in business.
how do we open it up to really be able to have a conversation?
httpwww.ted.comtalksrobhopkinstransitiontoaworldwithoutoil.html
then i remember what my english teacher in high school said.
httpwww.ted.comtalksbruceaylwardhowwellstoppolio.html
the world has a new mania.
this is the stuff we were feeding our kids extremo burritos, corn dogs, pizza pockets, grilled cheese sandwiches.
they are often the precursor to bigger things.
and that oil was used especially for lighting, but also for dressing wounds and other things.
i'm a qualitative researcher, but when i look at these data streams coming in from these homes, i can look at the data and tell you the day that some doctor prescribed them something that nobody else knew that they were on, because we see the changes in their patterns in the household. right?
this is where we stand today.
what i do with my kids now -- i've got two, nine and seven -- is i teach them to walk around the house and the yard, looking for stuff that needs to get done.
so, it became this sort of weird, happy accident.
and in nature there are lots of examples of very efficient structures based on pressurized membranes.
today, the transit, the main street and the new housing have all been built.
and lisa will be able to see super-massive black holes -- black holes millions or billions of times the mass of the sun.
those plaques are plaques we've been installing around north america.
but it's what i wanted, and as soon as i left school, i applied to the fire service and i was accepted.
africa,activism,development,global issues,health,health care,science
so i found out the name of every official on both the korean and american side, and i photographed them, and told them how famous they were going to be when this book was done.
this is where the village used to be.
these have been private meetings so far.
nobody wants to do this.
and yet there is still one on a dark surround and one on a light surround.
it is this legitimate, controlled use of the gun that has contributed greatly to the statistics of war, conflict and violence around the globe.
dp i'm kinda, like, giving a talk right now.
in the acknowledged condition, people worked all the way down to 15 cents.
i had never seen black water before.
i was so struck by this comment that from then on, i started to offer all the participants those seven sodas, and i asked them, how many choices are these?
and so they can do a simulation like this.
but isotopes, particles of electricity, antimatter, neutrinos, the conversion of mass to energy -- that's emc2 -- gamma rays, that ancient dream that had always eluded the alchemists was achieved through these same theories that explained starlight and other ancient mysteries, and new, unexpected phenomena.
they created a global computer made up of people.
so the physics is you can never accurately and exactly measure a particle, because the observation changes it.
it allows me to spend a lot of my time hanging out with hyper-intelligent coral.
you can see his hand is completely white; his face, his nose, is burned.
and this is what the next piece is about.
foreign policy can never be the same again. it cannot be run by elites; its got to be run by listening to the public opinions of peoples who are blogging, who are communicating with each other around the world.
because every generation thinks we are the final one.
is there something driving this?
and this is why i'm telling you this civil society rose to the occasion.
and i had gone to school with other girls, who were kids of politicians, and who had done much, much worse than i did, and they had slots there.
it may change this century.
so, the lesson is very clear. the lesson is that our patient -- the world, and the disadvantaged of the world -- that patient deserves our compassion.
so they went to their storage lockers and all gathered their extra furniture -- gave me pots and pans, blankets, everything.
and the tragedy is that the two billion over here that is struggling for food and shoes, they are still almost as poor as they were 50 years ago.
so there's a picture of my toaster.
that's the achievement, i think. that's the real achievement.
so a couple.
so that when it gets dark, i've got plenty of power.
and so i thought, you know what, this is the career for me, because i am interested in some messy topics.
there's the person, right there. the person is waving to us.
and we sat here and we looked at these two problems, and finally we came to a realization. these aren't problems.
there have been 30 novel emerging communicable diseases that begin in animals that have jumped species in the last 30 years.
so, i thought i should start with some stories.
but unfortunately, the ocean is opaque, and we can't see what's going on.
it's now under a 10th of a cent.
it's just the things you try out to kind of make it work better.
httpwww.ted.comtalksbendunlaptalksaboutapassionatelife.html
choice,culture,happiness,health,parenting,personal growth,potential,psychology
so let's take a deeper look.
so they were paid to collect it from the restaurants.
by the end of the afternoon -- it was about three hours after lunch -- we'd felt as if we'd known each other forever.
he did that, and the internet explorer changed page.
if an ant fell into my rice, i couldn't see that either.
the usual sort of thing.
we've got the military -- have just deployed some of these into iraq, where you can put fake troop movements quarter of a mile away on a hillside.
because, when people heard that my son was a victim, i got immediate sympathy.
i was hanging on to have a pee.
a third of the size of the basking shark is their liver, and it's full of oil.
and the women, who i was so privileged to meet when there were three survivors, told these stories about lying in their cots in the refugee camps.
ph by this time, computing had kind of leapt into media territory, and in short order much of what we're doing today was imagined in cambridge and silicon valley.
this is hosinia, the largest and most urbanized favela in rio de janeiro.
you don't think; it goes automatically, if you merge yourself with the music, and so forth.
but we get these instrumental- and near-instrumental-quality records of temperature change that go back hundreds of years, and we put them together.
we only have two days of water reserve.
they can't do it naturally, so what they do with this thing is they take a spoon, take some cells out of an adult gar's mouth, code, take the cells from that and insert it into a fertilized cow's egg, reprogram cow's egg -- different gene code.
and so in 1993, a long time ago, she decided to start a new organization called samraksha focused on one of the hardest areas, one of the hardest issues in india -- anywhere in the world at the time -- since that time, samraksha has grown from strength to strength and is now one of the leading health ngo's in india.
and then they'll be able to see shape.
how we deal with that other portion is our bridge to the future. and as we think of this bridge to the future, one of the things you should ponder is we are leaving about two-thirds of the oil today inside those wells. so we're spending an enormous amount of money and leaving most of the energy down there. which, of course, requires more energy to go out and get energy. the ratios become idiotic by the time you get to ethanol. it may even be a one-to-one ratio on the energy input and the energy output. that is a stupid way of managing this system.
now, this is a root apex growing against a slope.
nobody's seen this yet, publicly.
now, the most frightening thing about this is this is my wife's grandmother.
and i've got malingering.
at 14 minutes, i had these awful contractions, like this urge to breathe.
one of my mentors in life but today i'm going to talk about access to food, because actually this year and last year and during the 2008 food crisis, there was enough food on earth so why is it that we have a billion people who can't find food?
this was about 1925.
to take the top stories from the a.p. this last year, is this going to matter in a decade?
it will last for a long, long time.
you know, we can make ozone from car tailpipes.
i get there, and there are six other women, out of 183.
i was exploring, at the time, the hyperbole of icons -- and diana and marilyn -- and the importance of celebrity in our lives.
these birds were hunted for meat that was sold by the ton, and it was easy to do because when those big flocks came down to the ground, they were so dense that hundreds of hunters and netters could show up and slaughter them by the tens of thousands.
sounds great, but you get one more choice to earn a little bit more money.
four, modern medicine.
here's an example of how this can be powerful.
and you can make your own decision, and then you'll decide whether the invasion was worth it.
all easier said than done.
so, i apply this sort of philosophy now to everything i do sitting back and realizing the progression, how far you've come at this day to this goal, you know.
and then i asked them, i said, what could the ceo have done to make you not as depressed?
so as you see the film go in transparently through there, and then ...
so hopefully what happens is you never use it, and it's an heirloom that you pass down.
but they get glasses in the frames of their choice, and that's very important because i think glasses, in addition to helping people see, is also a fashion statement, and they're willing to pay for it.
and i'm going to kick it to keith to explain why that's important from a technical standpoint.
and this is our building, which is a corporate headquarters for an insurance company.
41
received very favorably by business.
where are you going to stick them? you only have so many design tools.
well, of course, there is globalization, technology, communications, all that stuff, which we'll talk about a little bit later.
the biggest one was in 1975 by chase econometrics.
and that's pretty much why i do it.
model on the imf.
egad, man look at the quality of the free paper compared to your lousy regular paper
so pretty much players are encouraged to be very creative in the game.
audience i just wanted to ask you, when we wear seatbelts we don't necessarily wear them just to prevent loss of life, it's also to prevent lots of serious injury.
i think anyone who has stepped foot on this land -- not to mention all mexican people -- will agree that it's not difficult to love mexico.
they know what they're supposed to be doing, but they're not doing it.
roy gould and curtis wong preview the worldwide telescope
a dome, one of these ten-foot domes.
but then i took a question with me.
if the family's poor, they find it difficult to visit, and gradually the relationship breaks down.
it's not accurately colored to how it is in real life.
it's a demonstration of augmented reality.
we usually distrust those areas that fall in between things.
the staff are the moms and dads of america's children.
architects and designers tend to focus exclusively on these.
introversion is more about, how do you respond to stimulation, including social stimulation.
and many of you may have noticed that doesn't have as big an effect, as perhaps you would like it to have.
a very powerful message appachan i watch the world wake up every day.
a redwood is a fractal. and as they put out limbs, the limbs burst into small trees, copies of the redwood.
well, often we're unaware of the fact that we're living in environments in which our skin is inherently poorly adapted.
the second thing i want to talk about is the will for reform.
alberto worked with the bucardo in spain.
here it is this island earth.
does science ruin the magic of life? in this grumpy but charming monologue, robin ince makes the argument against. the more we learn about the astonishing behavior of the universe -- the more we stand in awe.
to reboot and make real tangible change, real change, so that i could look you in the white of the eyes and say, in 10 years time, the history of your children's lives, happiness -- and let's not forget, you're clever if you eat well, you know you're going to live longer -- all of that stuff, it will look different. ok?
yeah, i'm a million-mile flyer.
this is just street-up innovation.
ma i think we're slowly changing, but obviously there are whole pockets in countries where nothing is different.
it took me a year to learn how to walk again after i had my diving accident in palau and during that year i spent a lot of time learning about the physics and physiology of diving and figuring out how to overcome these limitations.
it's a byword for lazy, slacker, for being somebody who gives up.
well, i turned him down.
we face the problem of, how can we do this robotically?
he's a great white shark.
how come no one's really heard of you?
untrusting -- you're obviously a criminal, so i'm going to install cameras.
rendering authenticity -- and the keyword is rendering.
now, to my innocent mind, dead implies incapable of communicating.
it's kind of neat. what a wonderful design.
amongst these million individuals, most of them are healthy and some of them will have the disease.
and if you zoom in, you can definitely watch this, grandparents with their grandchildren, distributing the natural enemies, the good bugs, instead of wearing special clothes and gas masks and applying chemicals.
pjc with many plastic baby bottles now proven to leak the chemical bisphenol a, it really shows how sometimes it is only a parent's awareness that stands between chemicals and our children.
but when i was little, i remember, he would kill flies in our house with my bb gun.
and it goes back and forth, you know?
at the bottom right is one that i built in my lab about 10 years ago, and we finally turned that into a product.
now, the old timers didn't take a fancy guitar string and make anything like this.
so the arrows connect regions that are active at the same time, and the direction of the arrows flows from the region that's active first in time, and the arrowhead goes to the region that's active later.
570
it really does reflect the mood that you're in also, if you're ...
so here's a few statistics from the project.
arts,beauty,business,design,exploration,photography
here, i'm going to put it out there, later on tonight, and i want you to pick it up and handle it.
it isn't always quite that simple, but there's a distinction between specialized roles for males and females.
it's a terrible thing to spray ddt on cotton fields, but it's a really good thing to use to eliminate millions of cases of death due to malaria in a small village.
and often it does something more.
it was a long process.
and it is 4,200 meters deep.
so instead of saying, you guys go off into that bunker and come back with a cell phone or a social network, you say, you go off and come up with one element, then bring it back. let's talk about it. let's adapt.
it can undergo complex reactions, some of which are happily architectural.
largely through globalization, a lot of this equipment has got a lot cheaper.
imaginative literature is not necessarily about writing who we are or what we know or what our identity is about.
it's like, you know, life is not a very well-written story so we have to hire writers to make movies.
patrick awuah makes the case that a liberal arts education is critical to forming true leaders.
in barcelona, on las ramblas for some film festival, i did the hollywood sign going and coming, made a building out of it, and they built it.
in 2001, the uprising escalated into an armed conflict, and one of the major incidents was the destruction of the palestinian refugee camp in the west bank town of jenin.
there is one more reason for you to be suspicious about me.
and what darwin could not appreciate, or didn't perhaps want to appreciate at the time, is that there was a fundamental relationship between the intensity of ultraviolet radiation and skin pigmentation.
now this is a bunch of dots moving.
they answered my phone.
audience no.
and once the soil gets dried, you're in a dry season -- you get cracks, oxygen goes in, flames come out and the problem starts all over again.
jacqueline novogratz tells a moving story of an encounter in a nairobi slum with jane, a former prostitute, whose dreams of escaping poverty, of becoming a doctor and of getting married were fulfilled in an unexpected way.
e quack, quack, quack.
so, formulas relate number to form.
so these stories together became the herald tribune business cover.
so then i repeated this experiment a bunch of times, and one time something very interesting happened.
because that event was the scientific revolution, ever since which our knowledge of the physical world, and of how to adapt it to our wishes, has been growing relentlessly.
her family has eight generations in a town called whitesville, west virginia.
now, it follows from that, that they're deeply contestable.
when asked, they said, it's kind of like a giant toilet that doesn't flush.
it's a shame that for so many people, learning stops when we finish high school or when we finish college.
and then you can either cut that out and sew it conventionally, or you can use the wet material to form it around a three-dimensional shape.
ahhhh.
and then you created earth about 4.5 billion years ago, and then you got life about four billion years ago, and then you got hominids about 0.006 billion years ago, and then you got our version of hominids about 0.0015 billion years ago.
and all i could think of was, if that happened to ran after three minutes, and i can't feel my hands after five minutes, what on earth is going to happen if i try 20 minutes?
audience without.
science is done by that demographic.
they start at the top of the technology food chain.
when you actually look at the motor of the world economy, it cannot move forward unless there is trade between the different countries.
and there's the conversion factor.
imagine how you feel when you see somebody on street who is begging and you're about to approach them.
it tanked. no one ever bought it.
they're my students, my friends.
you get it every time.
the net is doing the work in the brain.
britta riley wanted to grow her own food . so she and her friends developed a system for growing plants in discarded plastic bottles -- researching, testing and tweaking the system using social media, trying many variations at once and quickly arriving at the optimal system. call it distributed diy. and the results? delicious.
so these robots are related to unmanned aerial vehicles.
yes, the girl falls, absurd to fall, even the earth with its compulsion to take unto itself all that falls must know that falling is absurd, yet the girl falling isn't myself, or she is myself, but a self i took of my own volition unto myself.
do you think there could?
at tedglobal u, cameron sinclair shows the unreported cost of real estate megaprojects gone bust thousands of migrant construction laborers left stranded and penniless. to his fellow architects, he says there is only one ethical response.
same pattern.
so, the little fellow that hatches out here, he gets up into the air, he is automatically carried to where the rain is falling.
it's way more energetic.
so that hole actually makes the air come out and go in.
finally in 1954, someone woke up and realized that 1950 had gotten somewhat pass.
when i look at all these things that are morally ambiguous and uncomfortable, and i consider what my intentions should be, i realize it goes back to this identity question that i had when i was a child -- and why am i here, and what is the meaning of my life, and what is my place in the universe?
i dont remember how we got there.
in some sense, where do our mistakes really come from?
it hasn't yet been launched. it's called duolingo.
and let me show you something else.
so because of this, the chinese really regard this microblogging as a media, not only a headline to media.
i offer them the job, they can turn it down, and then they choose their own cabinet.
hc so this is where we step into the future and we leapfrog ahead.
so here is the building; it looks rather unassuming, really.
if it didnt, the whole idea was toast, and i might as well move on to other things.
in salmon aquaculture, we kicked off a roundtable almost six years ago.
meanwhile, california, new york, we can say, oh we're enlightened but you know, certainly a much lower incidence of this admitted, i suppose, manifestation of racially-based voting.
so the question is what would the baby give her, what they liked or what she liked?
instead of, like, copper in 10 or 15.
so a nice example of this came from last year and swine flu.
we train pharmaceutical technicians for the pharmacy industry, we train medical technicians for the medical industry, and we train chemical technicians for companies like bayer and calgon carbon and fisher scientific and exxon.
the third side helps us go to the balcony, which is a metaphor for a place of perspective, where we can keep our eyes on the prize.
and that's not just in the far-away developing world; that's everywhere.
so for instance, what i did when i went to burundi, we'd got tutsi and hutu women together to talk about some of the problems that had taken place in rwanda.
on my way out, i had to break a fight apart.
and we have made a decision in the x prize foundation to actually carry that concept forward into other technology areas, and we just took on a new mission statement to bring about radical breakthroughs in space and other technologies for the benefit of humanity.
the tallest bar is the average temperature for the most number of growing seasons.
we actually view it as a baby step in terms of, it's taken us 15 years to be able to do the experiment we wanted to do 15 years ago on understanding life at its basic level.
you saw how huge it was, and to give you a sense for this -- because we've talked a lot about moore's law and making things small at this conference, so let's talk about making things large.
first of all, you know, for a long time computer games meant things like doom, where you're going around shooting things, very violent games, very fast, aimed at teenage boys. right? that's who plays computer games.
you probably think the electrons in an electric wire move instantaneously down a wire, don't you, at the speed of light when you turn the light on. they don't.
and in the northern part of the main island, this is ground zero for world longevity.
more than 100 megatons of this is stored in particularly insecure russian facilities.
now none of these companies are doing this out of altruism; they're doing it because they're learning that a certain kind of sharing is in their self-interest.
so you could fit 10 human cells across the diameter of a human hair.
there's two spheres and they're separated in distance.
i said, well, tell him that i was asked by this little girl's grandmother to find a family for her.
199
three hours of bottom time, average distance traveled -- one mile.
miracles are just events that are extremely improbable.
so, so, because i have nothing to show, nothing to say, we shall try to speak about something else.
so now, what's great about these free-stylers, they will get cued different words.
she's eating her liver to death.
now, i don't know what you think, but i think this is a pretty stupid decision, because what you've done is just made a permanent memorial to destruction by making it look like the destruction is going to continue forever.
a mustard of more sophistication and culture and meaning.
we take nerves that are noisy and active that should be quiet, and we put them to sleep with local anesthetics.
we don't have enough gas to fly so slow.
so it makes you think about how to design your equipment for long range, away from a safe haven.
but it is a place where sex workers and their clients come.
and the viral genome i'm showing you right here?
there's now a lot of research being done in psychology on what makes people happy, and the two things that jump out in study after study -- i know this will come as a shock to all of you -- the two things that matter most to happiness are love and work.
so local food production is out.
we collide them inside giant detectors.
in the longer term, what they can do is use these tools of retro-vaccinology to make a preventive flu vaccine.
then, on friday at 643, he began to get certain signs, which later we had the pig run around -- i'm not going to go into this early stage.
let me point them out.
we mounted an expedition to look for the missing heat.
let's bring the military back again.
but in spite of that, i went through the first 10 or 15 years of my career mostly in denial of being a woman.
she's an active presence in their lives, as well as mine, and is instilling in them the same values that she taught me and my brother things like compassion, and integrity, and confidence, and perseverance -- all of that wrapped up in an unconditional love that only a grandmother can give.
and i have to understand that my needs sometimes have to be sublimated to other needs.
and we believe that the people of this country are also now global citizens and will support that ethic ...
but it's a very good example to see that the whole work was more of a handicraft endeavor that involved the very time-consuming job of cutting out the various elements and sticking them back in new arrangements.
and the second thing, which has stayed with me, which became my philosophy of life, which made all the difference, is 100 things happen in your life, good or bad.
help me.
we have no such aversion towards copying what other people have, because we do that nonstop.
well, i decided to be neighbors to a place called rubbertown.
and the plants will filter, by the roots, the dirty water of the fish.
this is what they were telling. this is their propaganda.
it will not come from radio signals.
i'm going to build towards complexity now.
ca but, surely a true global ethic is for someone to say, i believe the life of every human on the planet is worth the same, equal consideration, regardless of nationality and religion.
i think this sentiment is particularly relevant to science education.
we're going to win because we don't play their dirty games.
imagine van gogh being born before the technologies of cheap oil paints.
every dot is a person. we make the dot size proportional to people's body size; so bigger dots are bigger people.
in the midst of all this amazing technology, and all these things that are occurring, it's really interesting because there is sort of a counter-revolution that is going on a resurgence of interest in remedies from the past, in nutraceuticals, in all of these sorts of things that some people, in the pharmaceutical industry particularly, like to brand as non-science.
steven pinker on the myth of violence
you've got to build this force. you've got to seed this force.
freitas has a design for a robotic white blood cell.
so office sound is a huge area, and incidentally, noise in offices has been shown to make people less helpful, less enjoy their teamwork, and less productive at work.
i believe, if kennedy was alive today, he would be asking statisticians such as myself to go out and find out what makes life worthwhile.
extraordinarily damaging, if you're talking about using the talents of the population.
dm she's very tough; it's most challenging.
and finally, on your right side, you see a bubbly, cell-like structure appearing, from which the body will absorb the fat.
tim's sundial hat.
he said that he had been absolutely convinced that this was necessary -- the necessary part of the growing up of a young physicist.
so this is one example that i want to show you here.
by contrast, the signature whistle which dolphins use to stay in touch, each individual here has a radically different call.
a strange phenomenon.
larger markets increase the incentive to produce all kinds of ideas, whether it's software, whether it's a computer chip, whether it's a new design.
and the other nerdy side of me thought, this is horrible. this is completely bizarre.
however, i managed to get a hold of a borane eventually, and here is the beast.
being active is great for our positive mood.
are we going to be able to find any marijuana, jim young?
most pollen that causes hay fever for us is from plants that use the wind to disseminate the pollen, and that's a very inefficient process, which is why it gets up our noses so much.
they're only going to get magnified by the very technology that's connecting us, because it's making us intersect. and that intersection doesn't always create the view of everybody now understands everybody, and everybody appreciates everybody.
this is the place that captain cook discovered in 1777 and he described a huge abundance of sharks biting the rudders and the oars of their small boats while they were going ashore.
in fact, of those 20,000, 8,000 were thought to be females.
but that began thinking about how birds went around, and then how airplanes would, how hang gliders would fly, and then other planes, and the idea of the gossamer-condor-type airplane quickly emerged, was so logical, one should have thought of it in the first place, but one didn't. and it was just, keep the weight down -- 70 pounds was all it weighed -- but let the size swell up, like a hang glider, but three times the span, three times the cord.
they have the same access to the same talent, the same agencies, the same consultants, the same media.
if so, more warming is in the pipeline.
and so i can generate a force feedback.
there were weeds and piles of garbage and other stuff that i won't mention here, but she kept dragging me -- and lo and behold, at the end of that lot was the river.
so he could actually see things in the goggles.
girl y-i-n-d-i-a-n-a.
but this is one of those very rare moments when we have to choose whether we're just pedaling furiously to get back to where we were a year or two ago, and a very narrow idea of what the economy is for, or whether this is a moment to jump ahead, to reboot and to do some of the things we probably should have been doing anyway.
again, when you get to the back, you get into an area that's really my favorite place.
that distance is really important because it tells us how much light the planet receives overall.
and i like that definition, because it enabled me to transfer their mindset into the dataset.
so we started the barefoot college, and we redefined professionalism.
and this is climate-proof.
it's not, perhaps, the dimensions appreciated by art critics or architecture critics or city planners.
i go everywhere to make believe it's iran.
you'll be in a massive headwind.
and chris just touched on one of those a second ago, and that was the time 100 poll.
but again, it only has to work for a thousandth of a second.
i didn't always love unintended consequences, but i've really learned to appreciate them.
the government is unable to take the risks required to open up this precious frontier.
i'll give you an analogy.
what is also important is to note that these figures only tell part of the story.
and i would go and pack a little bag and i would wait for mr. alligator to come.
but i have to tell you, i have my youngest granddaughter, when she turned seven last year, said to her mother, my daughter, so what's the big deal about grandma maddie being secretary of state?
and so i started to look at what the marketing looked like.
here are just some of the pipeline projections and possibilities and scenarios and routes that are being mapped out for the next several decades.
and he referred me to this lovely quote from the japanese essays in idleness from the 14th century, in which the essayist wrote, in everything, uniformity is undesirable.
so there it is 227 billion is what africa owes.
it's a definition really of euclidean space.
it is not god that i do not accept.
you can think of it as a way of, sort of, typing, with your eyes.
we said, could you build this?
nelson's expectations are very high, and quite rightly so. he and his son will need access to the next generation of antiretrovirals and the next, throughout their lifetime, so that he and many others in kenya and other countries can continue to live healthy, active lives.
so i like to think there was something going on there of the new generation of makers coming out of this, plus psycho.
we get one from mom, one from dad.
we put the folded airplane on the balloon -- it took about three hours to get up there -- and then we released it on command at 103,000 feet, and we deploy the airplane and everything works perfectly.
326
it's perfume coming from the inside out.
and i think that may very well be true, so i'll close with this.
i have a dream that we can stop thinking that the future will be a nightmare, and this is going to be a challenge, because, if you think of every major blockbusting film of recent times, nearly all of its visions for humanity are apocalyptic.
she parks her dirigible, lowers the anchor rope and climbs down for a closer look inside.
they abolished the army in 1949 -- 1949.
she changed her name to vivian because she wanted to fit in here in america.
they destroy everything.
so good interpretation is more about things that are bodged and stuffed and of my world, right?
so deep inside -- we all know, you go sufficiently far down, you have atoms.
i talk ad lib.
we use current pacemaker defibrillator technology that's used for the heart.
that means that if the entire u.s., for two years, had top quartile teachers, the entire difference between us and asia would go away.
what is it?
and i had to say that i wished that various new york yankees players would break arms, legs and ankles -- -- so that the brooklyn dodgers could win their first world series.
i won't go into that.
very powerful.
in rajasthan, india, an extraordinary school teaches rural women and men -- many of them illiterate -- to become solar engineers, artisans, dentists and doctors in their own villages. it's called the barefoot college, and its founder, bunker roy, explains how it works.
httpwww.ted.comtalksawhistlebloweryouhaventheard.html
girl 7 i run track, i played soccer, i play basketball, and i love a lot of things to do.
i make ice cream.
and i would just say it's my hope, and i would ask you guys to please, you know, reach out a hand.
let's go back to mid-1800s when the chinese first came to america.
i have been basically spending the last few years documenting the efforts of some extremely intrepid men and women who are putting, literally at times, their lives at stake working in some very remote and very hostile places so that they may gather the faintest signals from the cosmos in order for us to understand this universe.
she loved this. i got the abc's -- this is where i started my career as a professor, when my mother had time to read for me.
secrets can take many forms.
new yorker cartoonist liza donnelly shares a portfolio of her wise and funny cartoons about modern life -- and talks about how humor can empower women to change the rules.
you step out of line, you get punished.
but i didn't want you to miss out on this one, because this, well, it's called portion-controlled meat cuts.
so we talk about pmtct, and we refer to pmtct, prevention of mother to child transmission.
and their mission was to find and to destroy -- remember the scud missile launchers, those surface-to-air missiles that the iraqis were launching at the israelis?
he was critically ill, there were other critically ill patients; luckily, we were able to get a helicopter in to rescue these guys.
when i look back now from this high hill of my old age, i can still see the butchered women and children lying heaped and scattered all along the crooked gulch as plain as when i saw them with eyes still young.
1218
there were two groups of people who were interested in this planetary scientists, who want to look up, and then other people, who wanted to look down.
we let them go about their day. they did whatever they wanted to do.
ever since we lived in caves, every time we wanted any energy, we lit something on fire, and that is still what we're doing.
36
and so that's the project that i pursued for that year, and it's continuing now as well, and found that a specific purine derivative called guanidine had inhibited the cell growth by approximately 60 percent.
language is not -- i mean, things don't have any mutable value by themselves; we ascribe them a value.
one woman never did.
you cannot imagine how it is for a team who has been working six years on it to show that it's not only a dream and a vision, it's a real airplane.
sendhil mullainathan yeah, we spend a lot of time talking to marketers, and i think 60 percent of it is exactly what you say, there are insights to be gleaned there.
it looks like women got some power boost on a video game, or like they snuck in some secret serum into their birth-control pills that lets them shoot up high.
and some kids, when they get a bit older, start to lie.
this is hard. i feel guilty sometimes.
we grew up with digital technology and so we see it as all grown up.
pietro was suspicious of formal art training, art history training, because he feared that it filled people up with jargon, and then they just classified things rather than looking at them, and he wanted to remind us that all art was once contemporary, and he wanted us to use our eyes, and he was especially evangelical about this message, because he was losing his sight.
but very soon we're going to see the days when cars are essentially talking to each other.
i call it the golden circle.
we spend most of our money on the last 20 percent of life.
you could never afford to do this in a company.
but when you think that every day for a city the size of london, enough food has to be produced, transported, bought and sold, cooked, eaten, disposed of, and that something similar has to happen every day for every city on earth, it's remarkable that cities get fed at all.
i suppose what you mean is what happens to the boat while i'm sleeping?
and i sent out this call to singers.
well, it wasn't that long ago we were asking, well, what would anyone do with a personal computer?
so let me just explain to you that the smartest man ever was a scotsman.
these kids did a little graffiti on their desks, and then they signed up for two extra courses.
there's great concern that basking sharks are depleted all throughout the world.
farther back is there one shared with chimpanzees.
you'll be challenged, inspired, motivated and humbled.
it means we've got to get out of here.
and i remember an exhibition design i made for john maeda, and for the foundation cartier in paris.
and it goes in the first part of our process here, which is more like traditional recycling.
on one occasion when he was walking in the streets of paris, he saw -- this was real -- a scaffolding.
so that you can just appreciate how serious i am about all this, i brought along the patents, the specifications for some of these works, because i've had my working methods patented at the eidgenssische amt fr geistiges eigentum in bern, switzerland.
the little bottle says, i just don't know.
i'm not going to talk about the skeptical environmentalist -- probably that's also a good choice.
and what were doing is were using humor as a sort of neuroscientific probe by switching humor on and off, by turning the knob on a joke -- now its not funny ... oh, now its funnier ...
big companies spend 20 billion dollars a year marketing non-nutrient foods to kids.
but we really made sure we tested those rovers before we got them down -- or that rover -- and made sure that it's all working well.
five to 10 thousand years now imagine this.
but there have been four studies -- one by john lesley, wrote a book on this.
so i find myself asking where is music in all of this?
and we found all sorts of molecules, they're called halorhodopsins or archaerhodopsins, that respond to green and yellow light.
it prevents weird things from the north.
so, for all these reasons, i think we need better materials, and there are three key principles we can use to guide these materials.
it's absolutely amazing -- and they text you back the answer.
a time for plotting to whack the chief of police, like in this classic scene from the godfather.
as a homework assignment, think of 10 ways to get around it.
the first is that dignity is more important to the human spirit than wealth.
as the wind comes up, it has to go over the cliff, so as you walk through the air, it goes around your body, some has to go over you.
and i think that is incredible.
it's out in the middle of the pacific, right around the equator.
at 130, we start somewhere above 130, between building a bomb, and making enough weapons-grade fuel so that you could build a bomb.
it was a story that wasn't trying to sell anything.
rita calwell very famously traced a very interesting story of cholera into human communities, brought there, not by a normal human vector, but by a marine vector, this copepod.
and by the end of this my arm is sore, i've got a callus on my hand, let alone bob, whose rear end looks something more like this, like swiss cheese.
and designers would like, oh, i don't know how to do an equation, i don't understand what you're saying. and then all of a sudden they really started talking each others' language, and now we're already at the point that they collaborate.
but also, i'm looking to see what is it that's shaping that person's ability to contribute, to do something beyond themselves. so maybe the real question is, you know, i look at life and say, there's two master lessons.
and so silicon, which we make right now -- it's part of our carcinogenic problem in the manufacture of our chips -- this is a bio-mineralization process that's now being mimicked.
so this empowerment of the underclass is the real result of india being connected.
you're one with the music. time stops.
we have several teams in the main part of afghanistan.
carbon dioxide level has gone up and up and up.
qatar has 74, and we have that growth rate.
it helps you pace yourself, it gives you a timer so we end on time and the whole bit.
but letting everyone ride in a cart would have been, i suspect, more anathema to the golfing greats and to the pga, even than making an exception for casey martin.
rachel pike the science behind a climate headline
and the answer is -- yep, they are.
it's incredibly hard to clean up.
it turns out, almost every species in the upper parts of the ocean in warm parts of the world have these same photoreceptors, and use sunlight as the source of their energy and communication.
and one thing that i've seen is there are a lot of supportive communities that already exist in the world.
so, what we've done is we've figured out a way to have a molecular program know when to stop going.
well the u.s. federal government counts more than a thousand legal benefits to being someone's spouse -- a list that includes visitation rights in jail, but hopefully you'll never need that one.
after you. oh, no, no. after you.
and if you compare this to the microbes in a different air handling unit, you'll see that they're fundamentally different.
it's still going on.
this is an experiment, really, for a client, quicksilver, where we were taking what was a six-shot sequence and trying to use print as a medium to get people to the web.
and she said, yeah, but you know i'd rather finish my meal if you don't mind.
fairly obvious what that is.
they were constantly searching for cash.
it makes everything else you put it with taste incredible.
the price?
so we were the first to actually name a bird from the famous series that later exploded onto the pages of science and nature.
and in both cases, we were able to use genetic sequencing to look at the polio viruses, and we could tell these viruses were not from these countries.
and you get to think about yourself and your memories, and before you go back into suspension, you edit your memories and you change your personality and so forth.
henry ford once said, i invented nothing new.
i was born in algeria.
myself included.
ok, that's fair enough.
she was very much like those women sitting behind the sewing machines.
but, you could set us to work thinking about questions like, suppose it isn't just canada that does the deal with raul castro.
we're nearly there. oh, my god
so they would come up with all these ideas.
it features two of these deep rovers, and i can criticize them because these sweet things are mine.
science has taught us, against all intuition, that apparently solid things, like crystals and rocks, are really almost entirely composed of empty space.
these are complex issues.
the second one -- unlike most animals, which is survival of the species -- this is preservation of self.
that is people moving around, that's even pygmies.
and basically, i called the, you know, i convinced the white estate, and what an intersection of like, you know, polish jew, you know, main wasp family. here i am, saying, i'd like to do something to this book.
but it appeared to me that all these years that i'd been working on exploitation -- exploitation by landlords, by moneylenders, by traders -- gave me an insight that probably i was also an exploiter, because there was no line in my income tax return which showed this income accrued because of the brilliance of the people -- those people who have shared their knowledge and good faith and trust with me -- and nothing ever went back to them.
i oppose it -- that they are now going to dissect it, until i do my report and then i see the chief commander.
what is she writing?
just scuttle forward and go for it.
bj so tom gave us a call and said, do you think you could make us a horse for a show to happen at the national theatre?
so ham smith and clyde hutchison developed some new methods for making error-free dna at a small level.
or this jump, from a moving truck on the highway.
business,culture,economics,global issues
a lot of the effort in humanizing the classroom is focused on student-to-teacher ratios.
so before it was i have a feeling, i want to make a call.
 sobule take it, julia.  sweeney okay. oprah was never necessarily a big hero of mine.
and then brian said, here's tony.
30 years later, rap music is the dominant musical form of popular culture -- would never have come from the big companies.
i wish that i could live together with black people.
and then ted challenged me philippe, can you shrink this lifetime to 18 minutes?
i make organic things which are essential.
there's an ambiguity of what that should be that we should do, and then we do something.
in fact, it also shows something interesting, that although our capabilities and technology have been expanding geometrically, unfortunately, our ability to model their long-term behavior, which has also been increasing, has been increasing only arithmetically.
and that's the bottom billion, where we've heard today about a completely new approach to do it.
we'd love to tag in monterey.
i still don't understand this one russian man working in his bare chest, but that tells you how hard he was working.
so with those as the principles -- some of you may know seymour papert; this is back in 1982, when we were working in senegal.
we'll have spatial computing.
we were sitting over there with a country in a downfall, in a slow-motion downfall.
ca chris, thank you. absolutely fascinating. thank you for coming to ted.
and the award was about a celebration for a building which had been in use over a long period of time.
we're reading the book of life.
but i hope that you are at least partly convinced that it is not impossible to build a brain.
but we didn't even know that that affected the galapagos when i went to study penguins.
cs the barrel of the gun
mathematicians began to create shapes that didn't exist.
this invention will reduce global energy consumption by allowing remote control and automation of every outlet in every home and business.
i put the bad pictures up too, because there are bad pictures.
they came to earth briefly transformed to stop you from being artistic, from becoming artists.
we know why these scripts are there.
don't move. stand your ground.
alan kay is famous for saying the best way to predict the future is to invent it.
and part of that's because we're bathing the brain in the chemical.
obviously at this stage of life he was in a somewhat more dignified form than he was back then.
and he proved that you could actually teach people to do surgery using video conferencing.
so i'm going to show you now first what we found in the offices, and we're going to look at the data through a visualization tool that i've been working on in partnership with autodesk.
i came back to england looking for british grandmothers.
this was a woman who read coffee grounds to see the future and melted lead into mysterious shapes to fend off the evil eye.
and i know what you're asking -- did i test it?
they decided they wanted to do the same.
you know, he was born in 1912, the year the titanic sank, greatest ship every built. hits the tip of an iceberg, and bam, it went down. it went down and i came up. wow, some century.
and on july 7th, around the world, i learned only yesterday, there will be global live earth concerts.
the relationship between child mortality and family size.
some of you may not have heard that dr. king has been assassinated.
so that's what i do.
142
because what we have learned in the last three years is that this segment of the market, whether it's education or under-developed nations, either way, it's a segment that demands incredibly high quality, incredibly high reliability, tremendous low cost and access, and a lot of challenges that frankly, without actually doing it, it would be very difficult to understand, and i'll explain that in just a minute.
they drink the water they know is dirty, they get cholera, they get diarrhea, they get jaundice and they die.
through constant experimentation with materials, they developed a wide range of iconic solutions that we know today, eventually resulting in, of course, the legendary lounge chair.
however, when something of that magnitude happens, we are at the center of the coverage.
they do almost all of the skill-based routine tasks.
and what's happened? i mean, the question here is, here we are, arguably the most intelligent being that's ever walked planet earth, with this extraordinary brain, capable of the kind of technology that is so well illustrated by these ted conferences, and yet we're destroying the only home we have.
you hit the solid rock.
and bring out this graph.
i started to feel guilty for my own relative wealth, because i wasn't doing more, apparently, to make things better.
one of the reasons he chose to take this rather large video camera with him was because he didnt want the doctors and nurses thinking he was actually sick, and sticking something into him that he was going to regret later.
boy panthers?
you know, most people are terrified of snakes.
and look what happens -- only three candidates remain that fit the bill.
you'll get to see the incredible chambal landscape as well.
and you always think you might have some legacy you can leave the world behind.
so, for example, a group of young activists in egypt try to form a party known as the center party, which advocated the compatibility of islam and democracy.
these are leaders who are highly ambitious for the greater good.
it's rich, it tastes good, it feels good, it smells good.
why do we feel that this is more true than this?
it's forever freely accessible by biology letters.
you can burst bubbles.
but firms like ours are having to move to a point where we get those objects that we're designing and get them in motion, showing how they'll be used.
so the challenge was -- i worked for microsoft for a little bit, working on the microsoft barney.
it makes the weak force very weak by giving the weak particles a large mass.
and this is what we have to deal with.
joseph i was born in 1986.
this is crazy because it suggests that the monkeys too are evaluating things in relative terms and actually treating losses differently than they treat gains.
the stability and security of authoritarian regimes cannot create but terrorism and violence and destruction.
maybe many of you have noticed this with loved ones, you can find somebody who can't recognize their face in the mirror, or can't tell anyone in their family, but you can still find a shard of music that that person will jump out of the chair and start singing. and with that you can bring back parts of people's memories and personalities.
and that would be a mind-blowing wish to come true.
i come from a region in the remote northwest part of the country.
it's going to be the department of agriculture for the 21st century.
in closing, i'd like to say that everybody has the opportunity to make change in their own way.
cl we're here with emmanuel.
now africa, sub-saharan africa -- sub-saharan africa has been the area of the world most resistant to growth.
all of the great disney works were works that took works that were in the public domain and remixed them, or waited until they entered the public domain to remix them, to celebrate this add-on remix creativity.
there's something very appealing about the exactitude of science that i really enjoy.
this will then go onto a robot that's going to apply one of those stains to it.
make it a local issue. and do prevention at each place, in the way it can be done there.
so, all of the talk today is going to deal with two general questions.
get your bookings in time. thank you very much.
then in 2002, when this was all going full-swing, a coral-bleaching event happened in the phoenix islands.
but we don't just do that either.
you then put a membrane on that and you apply pressure -- so that's part of the extra program.
these are actually cells that we obtained.
there's a pop-up general store every three weeks, and they do a fantastic job of making a very social event happening for foodies.
i call them the mystic and the warrior.
the next morning, when she comes again to the so-called clinic, her first patient is waiting for her with her husband.
this is just before he got kicked out by the parks services, for competing with the bookstore there.
after 10 years of experiments, i found it.
have you constructed honest conflicts with truth that creates doubt in what the outcome might be?
and i left everything and went for a long series of odd jobs.
and i think, if i can just borrow this camera, i was going to show you my invention, which i came up with.
well, i'm not even going to address the clearly irrational positions of people like the catholic church, who think somehow that if you give out condoms, everyone's going to run out and have sex.
second point is that persuasion is often better than compulsion.
and how shall we look and verify that we actually have it?
on one hand i have nothing against selling.
in 1970, the developed world decided we were going to spend twice as much as we did, right now, than in 1970, on the developing world.
our objective is to be a millennium city, just like many millennium cities around istanbul, rome, london, paris, damascus, cairo.
she loses the check, but she goes home with something bigger and more important.
now, evan is new to this system, so what we have to do first is create a new profile for him.
and it was a big thing in my little community of point reyes station in inverness, california, because there were only about 350 people there in the winter  this was back in '71 now.
not really. if it were that, i would just save you the talk, and teach you the gesture.
and so i ended up walking like this.
ca i mean, the psychologist erik erikson says that -- as i understand him and i'm a total amateur -- but that during 30s, 40s people are driven by this desire to grow and that's where they get their fulfillment.
they say it proves that i'm aloof and grandiose.
there is no newspaper to cover her pain, and what she wants to change in this society.
aah, ha, oh, he just crossed over the top of my head about, oh, i dont know, just so close.
i'm sure most of you know from school physics that it's basically splitting a white light and if you have a liquid hot mass, it will produce something which we call a continuous spectrum.
using this technology, the specialists at ucla medical center were able to identify where that compression in the hose pipe was occurring.
i've never seen really anywhere this unique support for cancer research.
but the biggest thing we've done to date, which is just amazing, is that we've done a 26-episode animated series, which is done for global audiences in fact, we're already going to be in the u.s. and turkey, we know.
don't want to make it look like i'm making any sudden moves.
1314
because catching mice is what the two cats wanted to do.
and the student has trained this robot to pour this water into a glass.
to put that into perspective, this red vertical bar here marks the divergence time of humans from chimpanzees, a mere seven million years ago.
86 percent of the energy we consume are hydrocarbons. that means 86 percent of the stuff we're consuming are probably processed plants and amoebas and the rest of the stuff. and there's a role in here for conservation. there's a role in here for alternative stuff, but we've also got to get that other portion right.
its important, but not enough.
and if anybody can, it follows that everybody can.
i know we can do better.
software developer mike matas demos the first full-length interactive book for the ipad -- with clever, swipeable video and graphics and some very cool data visualizations to play with. the book is our choice, al gore's sequel to an inconvenient truth.
i tried to get across, too, that -- my opponents don't tell you -- you never heard me mention winning.
uncritical conformity to group norms.
you see, the first time, he was playing with an impulse on every note.
the other half will tell you they don't like the question.
i don't need food, but the average owner says, puppy, sit.
they're coming together. that could be tuna sex -- and there it is.
and in that moment i understood that everything i had gone to thailand to look for, to search for, i had it already in my singing -- the calm, but alertness, the focus, but awareness, and being totally in the moment.
usually they were reading the share prices, and the bit of the paper with your article on was on the floor, or something like that, and you know, for heaven's sake, what are they doing
the big idea here is, i think, a new piece of a solution to a fairly big problem in transportation.
all the others have been all those three.
and i'd love to talk about that -- and it'd be fun -- but, 20 years later ...
it couldn't be further from the truth for me.
if cancer was localized, we could likely remove it, or somehow -- you know, it's contained. it's very contained.
we need to get away from saying democracy matters because of the other things it brings.
but if more nest maintenance work is needed -- for example, if i put out a bunch of toothpicks -- then nobody will ever switch back to nest maintenance, they have to get nest maintenance workers from inside the nest.
these parts of the brain are quieting down.
how interesting.
and it will be some months beforeward, and we see a long steady progression of the evolution from the first wiggles, to rolling over, and sitting up, and crawling, standing, walking, before we get to that magical point in which we can motate in the world.
enters the courtyard and talks to the custodian, who tells him that there's been a disaster in the palazzo; nobody's tvs are working and there's a big soccer game coming up, and the crowd is getting a little restless and a little nervous.
and that's what i want to talk about today, and how that relates to the emergence of social production.
so one example is he sees these stonemasons working on the isle of lesbos, and they need to measure out round columns.
i think glamour has a genuine appeal, has a genuine value.
so i think it's safe to say i know a little bit about the process of pitching.
sergey brin and larry page on google
this is not the common man.
it is a natural state in everything that is alive, including hominids.
and you should be really glad we decided not to bring the camel.
i have also met many other disabled people who communicate this way.
people love their automobiles.
there was hollywood.
httpwww.ted.comtalkspamelameyerhowtospotaliar.html
and they're also curiously aggressive.
i moved back to new york, my work has changed.
so to the folks from google, thank you.
i am of course quoting from a famous essay by leonard read, the economist in the 1950s, called i, pencil in which he wrote about how a pencil came to be made, and how nobody knows even how to make a pencil, because the people who assemble it don't know how to mine graphite, and they don't know how to fell trees and that kind of thing.
now, red is rick warren, and green is daniel dennett, ok?
and this is exactly what happened which antipsychotic medication for schizophrenia.
and it's funny -- it feels a bit like this now for oil.
and so, he's the modern lucifer effect, a man of god who becomes the angel of death.
there is something that made it that way.
she was the editor then of a magazine called id, and she gave me a cover story.
we put it in. there was a tremendous banditry problem.
and here is the fruition of that in actuality.
and i think that, if anybody in here runs -- and i just had a conversation with carol; we talked for two minutes backstage, and she's talking about plantar fasciitis.
e achoo
this model is all about choices, both for leaders and for the people who will live in these new places.
and it really does have the same -- if you calculate, if you measure the vibrational frequencies, they are the same as s-h.
what then of manned space exploration?
at a business level, you might look at the well-being of your employees, which we know is really linked to creativity, which is linked to innovation, and we're going to need a lot of innovation to deal with those environmental issues.
with green technology and with investments to alleviate poverty, and global governance, the world can become like this.
and so, my life is much more complex because of the baby, actually, but that's okay. we will still stay married, i think.
1939, that's when they discovered oil.
nowadays, it's no ma'am, check your shoes. and like -- but then it wasn't -- they didn't have any, but the guy had -- i said, what kind of salts or potassium do you have? you know.
and it might seem like a simple idea, and it is, but the impact it can have on people's lives can be huge.
there're three basic limitations of scuba diving.
i was adopted by the bishop of the episcopal diocese during the riots, and he donated a row house. and in that row house i started manchester craftsmen's guild, and i learned very quickly that wherever there are episcopalians, there's money in very close proximity.
now, this is not a good social science experiment, so to do it better i did the same experiment as i described to you before.
i watch that tv show 'lie to me.' i know you're lying.
as you can see here, she likes to use a joystick, like any one of us, any of our kids, to play this game.
in other words, we create a habitat of happiness.
if we look in the beginning of the 1990s, we see, again, a lot of variation.
how did the elite deal with that -- the so-called political elite?
thank you so much.
stop. do you see the pattern?
and we ask the question, can we use technology, high technology, to make an expo pavilion that's decidedly low definition, that also challenges the conventions of space and skin, and rethinks our dependence on vision?
now, the ones that show that needle programs aren't effective -- you think that's one of these annoying dynamic slides and i'm going to press my dongle and the rest of it's going to come up, but no -- that's the whole slide.
in the blue wire, we see what's called a deep brain electrode.
but most importantly, it's voluntary.
if we're able to unite our third-side webs of peace, we can even halt the lion of war.
and, like, people would not believe, seriously, where i'm from, that this even exists.
the science of complexity is probably the greatest challenge of all, greater than that of the very small on the left and the very large on the right.
and together with this new type of interfaces, we can use these technologies and apply them to safer cars for sighted people.
now, faith in things which cannot be seen, which cannot be proved, is not the sort of faith that i've ever really related to all that much.
just a word on music. music is the most powerful sound there is, often inappropriately deployed.
a lot more to be said about that.
very confused at what we humans call justice.
a few times a year they tell their engineers, go for the next 24 hours and work on anything you want, as long as it's not part of your regular job.
all of our statuses are different.
and then they hopped in it, turned the little electronic key, rather than the real key, zipped home on their new superhighway, and drove straight into a garage that looks like a tudor castle.
i'd like to take you on a visual journey through some of the events and issues i've been involved in over the past 25 years.
i mean, you have the typical european cities, with a dense urban core, good public transportation mostly, not a lot of road capacity.
well, of course, because she's forced into it because she doesn't have any better option, etc., etc.
or in 2009, my great friend, general stanley mcchrystal, who said that he was knee-deep in the decisive year.
it's caused by fast processing of toxic cassava root in famine situation.
there are many ways to be a mammal. a 'roo hops in oz; a horse runs in asia; and a wolf evolves stilt legs in brazil.
walking in this tunnel is very peaceful.
and that's what i look for in my work, a personal meaning.
it was called -- it was called the air pump, or something like the leviathan and the air pump.
can anybody see the blade on the end of that needle?
this explains why every single person in this room is perfectly comfortable buying a computer from apple.
imogen heap plays wait it out
but it has changed the world.
what is your ideal, and also, what has been edited out?
it's good for them. they make a lot of money.
so this direction in the street were kind of interesting.
it's not about them, they know that, but it has to start with them.
this is history being made in this region.
ca dan, thank you. members of the audience, that was a fantastic session. thank you.
and the reason for that is because there's a reproductive division of labor.
except for the threat of bio-terrorism, they're very simple issues in terms of, can we design things to produce clean energy, perhaps revolutionizing what developing countries can do and provide through various simple processes.
but if you got attacked, that was something you could do something about.
and let's see, in the past week, what he's been up to.
people tap in and they have thieves who are called grillos or crickets, and they steal the electrical power and wire the neighborhood.
in other words, your position in life comes to seem not accidental, but merited and deserved.
here are some examples.
board audience red. daphne bavelier red.
you have things like coral.
they're a little bit radical.
now, the only way we could design that, or possibly construct it, is by using a calculus-based definition of the form.
well, our approach to finding longevity was to team up with national geographic, and the national institute on aging, to find the four demographically confirmed areas that are geographically defined.
he doesn't quite know what to do, so he starts going around the crowd and starts talking to people in the crowd and he says to people in this rather unique way, how does it feel to be free?
you want to lose weight in a way that enhances your health rather than the one that harms it.
it's this brain which makes this reflex.
laut den kunstprfer dr. albrecht -- it's not finished yet.
but that's not the point.
i was not the only person editing the open street map.
so what we're looking at is general social disfunction related to inequality.
pretty scary.
he's about my age, and he's in san quentin state prison.
and you can see in these central images here, scanning electron micrographs of some of these guys -- these are gardens of these bacteria.
i would like to talk today about what i think is one of the greatest adventures human beings have embarked upon, which is the quest to understand the universe and our place in it.
he took the treatment, and on the way back, he drove the truck by himself.
we will have instruments aboard the plane that will sample, every three minutes, the atmosphere of mars.
we don't hear so much about the einstein who invited the african american opera singer, marian anderson, to stay in his home when she came to sing in princeton because the best hotel there was segregated and wouldn't have her.
anyway, with less than 10 hours of use, two guys -- one that's bilateral.
how many trees does it have?
is it really needed?
and jeff's advice was, be a traveller, not a tourist.
so in that sense, he's the symbolic third side of the middle east.
if you're a mammal, if you're a rat or an elephant, or a human, in between, it's the same story.
if you hit your thumb with a hammer, these wires in your arm -- that, of course, we call nerves -- transmit the information into the junction box in the spinal cord where new wires, new nerves, take the information up to the brain where you become consciously aware that your thumb is now hurt.
it would not take an awful lot to anticipate that after making 30,000 holes in the sea floor of the gulf of mexico looking for oil, oil might start coming out of one of them.
272
but, he agreed to do it, even though daniel cohn-bendit's life was not in danger, just because it was a good opportunity to mock the authorities, and to show them that there's nothing more porous than borders -- and that ideas have no borders.
it's not just a question of cleanliness; it's also a question of how those organisms then turn into human disease.
the first one, i want to set a world record in flying from a cliff with my wingsuit.
the debate over foreign aid often pits those who mistrust charity against those who mistrust reliance on the markets. jacqueline novogratz proposes a middle way she calls patient capital, with promising examples of entrepreneurial innovation driving social change.
this is the end result mummies -- m-u-m-m-y.
but he found 140 comets without a telescope.
rg the temperature of the heat shield can reach 2,600 degrees fahrenheit.
they tend to eat a plant-based diet.
and hold it there, hold it there, both of you, hold it there.
and an astonishing number of innovations from this period have a coffeehouse somewhere in their story.
the information was inside my house and it was awesome.
they didn't -- they was not looking on me.
okay, i'm reading that at about 75 to 25 in favor at the start.
he told her, just set there. and so she set there for about four or five hours.
the idea of needs-based competitions -- x-prize for the other 98 percent, if you want to call it that.
you know tom friedman says, if you don't go, you don't know?
she -- but you know, if you really do believe that it's the very, very beginning, if you believe it's the 1908 hurley washing machine, then you're incredibly optimistic. and i do think that that's where we are.
and even though there is food that we are producing at great cost, we don't actually value it.
you may say this is not fair, because i'm selecting two countries to make a case against democracy.
these are three grapes; the monkey's really psyched for this.
he says, the problem with thermal equilibrium is that we can't live there.
you know an artist's first response to this is, who counted it? you know?
if i were to touch the horse here on his skin, the heart puppeteer can shake the body from inside and get the skin to quiver.
we're going to jump onto the next one, maybe. yes.
you know, one of the things that i think maybe ted ought to do is tell all the schools about all the great lectures that are on ted, and there's all kinds of great stuff on the internet to get these kids turned on.
and once you have that, you can actually begin to build the neocortical column.
and it's very much an in-the-moment activity that they're engaged in.
that's why they don't know whether their mutual fund manager is taking 0.1 percent or 0.15 percent of their investment, but they clip coupons to save one dollar off of toothpaste.
i wanted to go from where i was to where i wanted to be, for which i needed something.
sub-surface water on mars, frozen in the form of ice.
sarah kaminsky tells the extraordinary story of her father adolfo and his activity during world war ii -- using his ingenuity and talent for forgery to save lives.
2100 hours, and it's just our squad going through today's events in our heads, whether we want to or not.
we have to teach the kids that the world is not indestructible.
a year later -- orange and white is maximum blood flow.
and it really impressed me -- i met him two weeks after he got out of prison -- that he went through that experience, and ended up with the demeanor that he had.
so i said, well, mom and dad, what about santa claus?
that's where it ended a few months ago.
a little bit like on this picture here.
infrared -- due to eye safety regulations, can be only used with low power.
but if you reach out to grab it or hold it, you will destroy it.
then i started going into the tunnels, which made me realize that there's a whole new dimension to the city that i never saw before and most people don't get to see.
video all right, start the clock please. 30 seconds studio.
whether it's akash, who comes from a small town in india and would never have access in this case to a stanford-quality course and would never be able to afford it.
and you start layering these solid structures.
that's a hopeful message, but it's a message that's hopeful only if you understand it as incurring serious obligation for all of us.
you can't do it all in one day.
so aids is a sexually transmitted infection, and it kills you.
and her sister came on, and she said that emma had passed away. and all of our support staff who had talked to her were really emotional, and it was a very hard day at the company.
and then we pasted everywhere -- the whole hill.
it makes me to stand here, the fame, the money i got out of it.
rb and the robot's reacting appropriately.
now this was in 1945.
you can either take the blue pill and stick to your comforting delusions, or you can take the red pill, learn some moral psychology and step outside the moral matrix.
being a victim of hacking for a change.
we treat them with symptom-modifying drugs -- painkillers -- which are, frankly, not very effective for this kind of pain.
maybe if you had a chimpanzee with you.
how many people here would say that religion is important to them?
but he doesn't need to, because it manages to lift itself up on its own.
hiroshi ishii and his group at the mit media lab took a ping-pong table and placed a projector above it, and on the ping-pong table they projected an image of water with fish swimming in it.
remember, we've only been an advanced civilization -- an industrial civilization, if you would -- for 200 years.
know that china believes in the market and the state.
will we be able to feed a population that will be nine billion in just a few decades?
so, what we've got to learn now is to find out where this planet's going at all these different scales and work with it.
do you think the less-fortunate are having better sex?
we do that in our solar system.
i think that as we move to situations in which people have to decide on their own about how much effort, attention, caring, how connected they feel to it, are they thinking about labor on the way to work and in the shower and so on, all of a sudden marx has more things to say to us.
they just leased them -- because they couldn't afford to own the fancy cars.
we've seen so much change, and we've given ourselves these tools now -- these high-powered tools -- that are allowing us to turn the lens inward into something that is common to all of us, and that is a genome.
we have to know from ourselves, there are certain states of mind that are conducive to this flourishing, to this well-being, what the greeks called eudaimonia, flourishing.
so i've been asked to talk a little bit today about my relationship with the lakota, and that's a very difficult one for me.
and after 70 hours of intensive singing lessons, he found that the music was able to literally rewire the brains of his patients and create a homologous speech center in their right hemisphere to compensate for the left hemisphere's damage.
now, i'm leaving the house. dp i'm going for a walk -- do you mind?
they were asked to design, replace that bridge in six weeks, building it, including all of the parts, manufactured.
so this one was taken around five.
it's happening all over the world.
i'm the only one who's left in india.
i did not have a single story of america.
when they were released, we left and we went as refugees to kenya and tanzania.
so, thanks to him.
okay, lots of you.
i'm talking about turn it into the data that it was made from, which is how it was performed.
or we can monitor the velocity with which people are moving with their phones on a highway, and the phone company can see, as the velocity is slowing down, that there's a traffic jam.
we still like to consume, of course.
hiv is a serious problem in the dr congo, and aid agencies have flooded the country with free and cheap condoms. but few people are using them. why? reformed marketer amy lockwood offers a surprising answer that upends a traditional model of philanthropy.
this suggests that a probability of life appearing is reasonably high.
moshe safdie he was a real nomad.
i'm not a fan.
and actually i earn my money whistling at the moment.
i must have been 19 and a half then, and it was love at first sight.
is it out there with the politicians?
in a traditional classroom, you have a couple of homework, homework, lecture, homework, lecture, and then you have a snapshot exam.
for those of you who don't know him, he's the great british explorer.
because, if you can envision, as i do, a future of zero emissions and freedom to move around the country and around the world like we take for granted today, that's worth the hard work today to preserve that for tomorrow.
i learned that our own inner worlds -- our ideas, emotions and imaginations -- were, in fact, not bound by our brains and bodies.
we don't have to keep growing these bridges to nowhere.
in other words, the beer-maker knows also how to evoke flavor from the grains by using sprouting and malting and roasting.
i wanted it to be more like war photography, where i was making harder-hitting pictures that showed readers what was happening to marine wildlife around the planet.
but to me, adapt all the time means something deeper, too.
so you can immediately apprehend the relationship between efficacy and popularity, but you can also, if you grade the evidence, do a worth it line.
but designers are really the glue that brings these things together.
and it's the poor people who are affected worse.
but what i wanted to talk about are two of these hot buttons that have aroused the strongest response in the 80-odd reviews that the blank slate has received.
in the great teaching of his holiness the dalai lama that he always teaches everywhere, he says that that is the common religion of humanity kindness.
we've started the first malaria treatment programs they've ever had there.
this confused his colleagues, obviously, because they were sitting right there with him.
and so we're interested in, what are the external factors around the individual -- the bad barrel?
of course, it's a very short-term-ist strategy; it's a losing battle, because the things that are causing the pathology are becoming more abundant as time goes on.
and ran decided to go into his tool shed and take out a saw and do it himself.
what is today completely impossible -- get rid of our dependency on fossil energy.
and we were getting serious, so we decided to invite them all to dinner, our parents.
new technologies are helping us to understand the nature of nature; the nature of what's happening, showing us our impact on the earth.
and this company, the first thing it did was make a liquid formulation of hydrogen sulfide an injectable form that we could put in and send it out to physician scientists all over the world who work on models of critical care medicine, and the results are incredibly positive.
what are we going to do with hundred-dollar genomes?
we can start with mongolia, or as some call it, mine-golia.
now this, we make lots and lots of pumps.
and that has to do with me because in 1994, i packed a few things into a backpack and headed off for a year of travel in the middle of my university career.
dopamine system, the wanting system, is much more centralized.
and then the food is either hamburger or hotdog.
it's not to create a technological solution, it's to seduce you into something that you can do, into something that will please you, something that will lift your spirits, something that will make you feel as if are in another world -- such as his nobu restaurant in new york, which is supposed to take you from the clutter of new york city to the simplicity of japan and the elegance of japanese tradition.
because in the statistics of your past experience it would have been useful to do so. so you do so again.
we also see sharks, much more regularly than i would have expected to.
it was unrevealing that's the pathologist's report.
and david heymann, who's watching this on the webcast -- david, keep on going. we're close. we're down to four countries.
there's no audio on this, but you can see the animal's freezing.
so i now would like you to put your seat belts on and put your hats on.
so if you're looking at the boat from this side, this might remind you of an airplane profile.
the only cost in most flocks is a loss of free mating.
and i would say, relax, alex.
we stop ourselves from doing things.
chemical rockets provide too much thrust, too much push. the probe would just shoot away.
i certainly would have failed iq tests.
the tananger on the east coast of the united states, where the forests are a little denser, has one kind of call, and the tananger on the other side, on the west has a different kind of call.
now do we really want to commit ourselves to engulfing all the other religions when their holy books are telling them, don't listen to the other side, that's just satan talking
marissa, she's all right, she's one of your lot.
that's where he discovered something totally magical, and when he talks about it, it's fascinating -- it's the magic of dyeing chemistry.
when i put out juice and water in addition to these seven sodas, now they perceived it as only three choices -- juice, water and soda.
if you start green, it's like 80 to 100 percent.
1954, he wrote a book called the real enjoyment of living, and he suggested that happiness is not about having what you want; instead, it's about wanting what you have.
it's implanted with very conventional techniques.
okay, ready? go.
and you could do us a great service if you would add a culinary program to your program.
woman even though they are so young, they have done such good work.
it will be worked out in use, in collaboration with users.
then other victims, they got into my sisters.
but you've got to grab their emotional attention, focused on you, within that first few seconds.
ten years ago exactly, i was in afghanistan.
thank you very much indeed.
so i want to suggest that pleasure is deep -- and that this isn't true just for higher level pleasures like art, but even the most seemingly simple pleasures are affected by our beliefs about hidden essences.
how can a super-thin, three-inch disk levitate something 70,000 times its own weight? in a riveting, futuristic demonstration, boaz almog shows how a phenomenon known as quantum locking allows a superconductor disk to float over a magnetic rail -- completely frictionlessly and with zero energy loss.
and i'd like you to think that every bit of more complex play builds on this base for us humans.
hello? uh, who?
and then i asked him a question, which i ended up asking to all the dads and ended up really encouraging me to write this story down in a book.
what would you tell them?
ten years ago, they certainly would have been married.
biology,engineering,health care,medical research,medicine,science,technology
they were to be his seed group, his future foremen.
we heard over the last couple days what an urgent problem cancer still is in our society, what a pressing need it is for us to not have one person die every minute.
so what happens when people win the lottery is, number one, they spend all the money and go into debt, and number two, all of their friends and everyone they've ever met find them and bug them for money.
that means the whole universe, known things and unknown things.
processor performance on intel chips, the average price of a transistor -- 1968, you could buy one transistor for a dollar.
they're supposed to come out with it very shortly in a public method.
i would like to tell you about a project which i started about 16 years ago, and it's about making new forms of life.
jake is a super-positive, enthusiastic boy.
when you get to 13 pies, you've got 75 percent chance of getting a pie now.
the enlightenment, a revolution in how people sought knowledge, trying not to rely on authority.
wouldn't it be great if we could actually harness the power of our bodies, to actually heal ourselves?
and these were the developing countries they had large families and they had relatively short lives.
we give you very, very simple sentences along with what each word means.
again and again biologists are fascinated with the brilliance of what's discovered.
and the reason we looked at autism is we had the money to do it.
and they said, well, then we have a story to tell you.
and luckily, the day they arrived, it was.
so we bought 100,000 books and sent them to india.
moore's law was just the last part of that, where we were shrinking transistors on an integrated circuit, but we had electro-mechanical calculators, relay-based computers that cracked the german enigma code, vacuum tubes in the 1950s predicted the election of eisenhower, discreet transistors used in the first space flights and then moore's law.
and i think there's evidence -- and it's not the only reason this evidence exists, but i think it's a huge cause -- we are the most in-debt, obese, addicted and medicated adult cohort in u.s. history.
essentially, he said this if you bet on god, and open yourself to his love, you lose nothing, even if you're wrong.
we hunted them down wherever they were.
all of the markers went in the right direction.
i just took their pictures and pasted them.
instead of developing, as we'd all hoped in the '60s, things had gotten worse.
but that's true for adults too.
in other words, we didn't have the technology to do what would be really interesting on that building.
and as you can see, it's the women who are carrying the children; it's the women who come into the hospitals; it's the women are building the houses.
but the first thing is that all value is subjective.
we called them up at night and asked them, what'd you spend it on, and how happy do you feel now?
he proposed that our universe might actually have more than the three dimensions that we are all aware of.
this solution has been called, by some, potentially the most important medical advance this century.
it suggests that we care about reaching the end, a peak.
the great depression made not a dent in this exponential progression.
if you're living in iran, you're facing censorship, harassment, arrest, torture -- at times, execution.
1118
and they have a magic question.
my body had not only become a driven machine, but it was responsible now for destroying other women's bodies in its mad quest to make more machines to support the speed and efficiency of my machine.
thanks, little guy.
tradition is essential to lay down the stability to raise families and form cohesive social groups.
look, you all are very well traveled; this is tedglobal after all.
so, you cannot argue with that.
please drive your car home over it, they would have said, well, pediatricians don't know how to build bridges.
actually, i already am seeing a little bit of it.
this is getting ready for the monsoon in bombay, india.
so there it is; the retinas are baking.
you don't need a task force or a study group to buy flowers for your kids.
the lawyers, the judges, the policemen, the doctors, the engineers, the civil servants -- those are the leaders.
what is the connection between these images of suffering and the history that i just read to you?
3,700.
imagine if a group of sculptors could be inside of a lattice of atoms and sculpt with their material.
a transitive verb mandates that there has to be an object there sam devoured the pizza. you can't just say, sam devoured.
but they made it a third smaller than my model without telling me.
well folks, we have a protein problem.
when i read that, i was blown away by those numbers.
first of all, i thought, well, we need a sales team, and we clearly aren't the a-team here, so let's -- i did all this training.
first of all, the rules have changed.
jp oh, it sounds pretty good.
so this morning i'm going to share two of these problems and talk about where they stand.
you're really a driver or a passenger -- to use a volkswagen phrase.
but they were empty.
it turns out that, not only is the galvao parrot very attractive, useful for headdresses, it evidently has certain hallucinogenic properties, which means that there's a terrible problem with galvao abuse.
so evan, choose something that you can visualize clearly in your mind.
and we've seen a new disease, not like the 30 novel emerging communicable diseases.
we now call al the george clooney of global warming.
so, why is it so high? is it war?
and as you all know, anybody with cancer has to get follow-up scans.
but we can't read each other's minds. i find that quite astonishing.
and he hadn't seen a computer before we did this movie. we taught him photoshop and -- yeah, we can play it.
a few years later, there's no snow left at all.
so, that was taken from orbit; we had the camera zoom on the surface, and we actually saw the rover on the surface.
i get all the good stuff and none of the bad.
we liked each other; we liked the same kind of things.
just be aware of the pressure.
and i was trying to figure if there was some way we could build something that would capitalize on that and try and get people back-up energy, in case the crisis really came.
personally, i'm tired of forgetting, and this is a really easy thing to do.
and he told them that if they all remained totally, totally good -- each and every one of them -- they would win the war against the evil lamanites.
but this second grows with seven, eight percent, and then they will end up here.
and these were the results of the swedish students. i did it so i got the confidence interval, which is pretty narrow, and i got happy, of course a 1.8 right answer out of five possible. that means that there was a place for a professor of international health -- and for my course.
these milkweed plants have grown up in my meadow over the last four years. add to watch the different plants, or insects, that come to these flowers, to watch that -- and we've heard about, you know, this relationship you can have with wine, this companion you can have as it matures and as it has these different fragrances.
well after many years working in trade and economics, four years ago, i found myself working on the front lines of human vulnerability.
the beauty of hydrogen is it can come from so many different sources it can come from fossil fuels, it can come from any way that you can create electricity, including renewables.
how do we think about complex systems in new ways?
sm so you know what's happened?
you have facebook revolutions, twitter revolutions.
this photograph was taken on completion day, and just one year later, it looked like that.
and here's the rub.
a wise person knows how to use these moral skills in the service of the right aims.
so a superconductor will try to expel magnetic field from the inside, and it has the means to do that by circulating currents.
the pc virus problem is 25 years old now.
let's hear from tony hayward again.
and in a way because of the stigma, by wearing this t-shirt i say, yes, we can talk about this issue.
throughout her life she had been heating water with firewood, and she had hand washed laundry for seven children.
i would dearly love to talk about things that have one side.
we've gotten good at predicting and preparing for storms before they take innocent lives and cause irreversible damage, but we still can't do that with water, and here's why.
sort of cute.
they're really difficult for plants to produce.
you can see the chai being poured in the background.
and i really think that's where we are.
image-maker alexander tsiaras shares a powerful medical visualization, showing human development from conception to birth and beyond.
so i did this for almost five years, and this experiment really took us all the way across the length and breadth of india.
but those two very smart international censorship policies didn't prevent chinese social media from becoming a really public sphere, a pathway of public opinion and the nightmare of chinese officials.
all throughout the developing world, people are going directly to cell phones, skipping the whole landline stage.
they're still new species because i had a video camera on this dive instead of my net, so they're still waiting down there for someone to go find them.
if he turns to a particular page he finds an annotation by maybe an expert of a friend of ours that gives him a little bit of additional information about whatever is on that particular page.
and let me just show you that.
and if you go to these places, you meet people like this.
imagine if you could record your life -- everything you said, everything you did, available in a perfect memory store at your fingertips, so you could go back and find memorable moments and relive them, or sift through traces of time and discover patterns in your own life that previously had gone undiscovered.
they have no control over their bodies or their lives.
here we go. i'm going to talk about five different things.
now let's look at the continent as a whole.
washington, d.c. went out here.
i'm not supposed to be, like, walking down the aisle, and be like, hi, jack. you know, that's not cool.
in the news, the subject of where our future water is going to come from and where our power is going to come from is in all the papers all the time.
but this is a global phenomenon, we know that.
it just seems like it's not sexy and elegant, it's hidden.
there was a time when i made them wear jackets and shirts and ties.
thank you.
well, dr. king wasn't the only man in america who was a great orator.
our cities, i would put to you, are stockpiles of these surplus capacities.
in a hundred years, subdivisions that simply end up too close to water or too far from transit won't be viable.
and every one of those industries, by the way -- just golf carts alone is a multi-billion-dollar industry.
ines so why is prevalence still rising?
they said, ok, it's not about systemic change.
some things are not right, and you'll say these words are probably not english words.
i like this slide, because its a chance to talk about what really motivates people to change, and what doesnt.
there are a variety of demographics. i won't bore you with these.
in fact, though all humans share a basic need and desire for choice, we don't all see choice in the same places or to the same extent.
it's a certain type of aesthetic.
steven levitt analyzes crack economics
this process requires extraordinary precautions.
the woman's face looks like a watermelon.
for a dollar 99, you can listen to that silence, which is different than other forms of silence.
as layma said, we wore the white saying we were out for peace.
and the truth be told, this is it, isn't it?
and he said that the explosion was so loud and the light was so intense, that he actually had to put his hands in front of his face to protect his eyes.
and i'm doing her because i think we think of risk, at a conference like this, as a good thing.
three of the original eight entities were suing each other.
you probably won't.
i note that among the long list of human universals that i presented a few slides ago are art.
now, i should say that we didn't get funding for this study because the scientists said small children couldn't make a useful contribution to science, and the teachers said kids couldn't do it.
by studying those twinkling lights though, we can learn about how stars and planets interact to form their own ecosystem and make habitats that are amenable to life.
video games give an awful lot of other things too, and that's why people get so addicted.
yep.
but it doesn't stop there.
ja even on the coldest winter days.
stars are fueled by how the nuclei in those atoms react together.
and once those vessels invade the cancer, it can expand, it can invade local tissues.
but things aren't so simple for the other strand because it must be copied backwards.
this picture shows that the revolution has allowed opportunities for training, for education.
the thing that was bad about colonialism, and the thing which is residually bad in some of our aid programs, is that it involved elements of coercion and condescension.
now, for you folks, what i'm going to do is i'm going to show you these two teas, and i'm asking you, i'll go ahead and ask you, to choose your tea. so you can choose which of the two tea you want.
i'm going to distinguish between what i call front half and back half.
and the u.s. military spends 1.5 billion dollars -- billion dollars in 1940 dollars -- developing the norden bombsight.
and we had a conversation, and then i asked her this unthinkable question.
and the problem, the limitation of diving with air is all those dots in your body -- all the nitrogen and all the oxygen.
you can teach a bunch of south africans a tune in about five seconds flat.
and i want to argue that what we do is we try to change everything.
igniting, igniting, igniting fire. igniting fire.
carbon is banned.
but it soon became clear that abraham lincoln would emerge as the undisputed captain of this unruly team.
the mc would improvise lyrics in the same way that the jazz players would improvise melodies.
and i think an even more wonderful speech, which i'm going to read a big chunk of, which sums up what i said at the beginning about believing there is more to life than money, and more that we should try and measure than money.
i don't want to make this as a corporate entity.
and what's needed is a genuine transnational youth-led movement that works to actively advocate for the democratic culture -- which is necessarily more than just elections.
we need to educate the staff.
they brought all sorts of different computers with them.
he said, yeah, but suppose hitler asked you, 'would you electrocute a stranger?' 'no way, not me, i'm a good person.'  he said, why don't we put you in a situation and give you a chance to see what you would do?
it's one of the most incredible things about the physics and the understanding of nature that you get on earth, is you can transport it, not only to the planets, but to the most distant stars and galaxies.
growing up in a multicultural environment, we had african students in the house, and i learned about their stories, so different backgrounds, dependency on imported know-how, goods, services, exuberant cultural diversity.
and the trick that richard dawkins does, which is to say, to look at them as simply as genes, as vehicles for genes.
today these low prices are available in the 25 countries where we work, and in a total of 62 countries, and about 550,000 people are getting the benefits of them.
and i can split the others. here is the south asian, arab world.
well, it turns out that when people are living without any sort of artificial light at all, they sleep twice every night.
to get legitimacy, governments often need to deliver things like primary education, primary health, roads, build hospitals and clinics.
and yet, i persist in this quixotic endeavor.
they're just not big enough.
alex steffen sees a sustainable future
and one of the things that we did was to adopt a very classical model of fear.
the next morning she was dead.
very similar to what we just did, but a little bit more complex.
but at the other hand, a couple of years ago i gave up all of my possessions, sold all my technology -- except for a bicycle -- and rode across 3,000 miles on the u.s. back roads under the power of my one body, fuelled mostly by twinkies and junk food.
they see us as adults, rational adults.
charles leadbeater went looking for radical new forms of education -- and found them in the slums of rio and kibera, where some of the world's poorest kids are finding transformative new ways to learn. and this informal, disruptive new kind of school, he says, is what all schools need to become.
and when you drive, these signs are very important.
now, whether we're talking about fuels or energy carriers, or perhaps novel materials for batteries or fuel cells, nature hasn't ever built those perfect materials yet because nature didn't need to.
this fish was revered by humankind.
leadership doesn't have a user's manual, but fields wicker-miurin says stories of remarkable, local leaders are the next best thing. at a ted salon in london, she shares three.
and my reward for surviving it was to go back for four more months of chemo.
i said, he passed away a long time ago.
ok, the first question what do they tell us about why people do things?
they occasionally interest me, and i have many pictures of them in my notebooks.
so the hindenburg wasn't, you know, it was inevitable it was going to go.
design,global issues,health care,poverty,technology
you know, skiers pray for snow?
that's outside antarctica.
they're extremely sensitive to smell.
and this fear is what causes us to be conservative in our thinking.
httpwww.ted.comtalksshaffimatheranewwaytofightcorruption.html
and, not only do they protect the people who sleep under them, but they have these great contagion benefits.
so now, i started from the big problem, and i couldn't answer it.
so i did just that.
i didn't feel sick at all.
is it just literally for control, for hand-stick control? why am i doing that?
so you can actually estimate the population size based on the diversity of the genetics.
now, estimating odds, as difficult as it may seem, is a piece of cake compared to trying to estimate value trying to say what something is worth, how much we'll enjoy it, how much pleasure it will give us.
they are domestics.
this mother, diane downs, shot her kids at close range, drove them to the hospital while they bled all over the car, claimed a scraggy-haired stranger did it.
and so, i kept my eyes peeled to see if the sort of changes that happened when we went from pre-print comics to print comics would happen when we went beyond, to post-print comics.
and you can see here there are three columns.
it's the randomness, the disorder, the chaoticness of some systems.
if you represent the earth's lifetime by a single year, say from january when it was made to december, the 21st-century would be a quarter of a second in june -- a tiny fraction of the year.
and i look for stories on each level.
this sea is an archipelago belonging to kiribati that spans across the equator and it has several uninhabited, unfished, pristine islands and a few inhabited islands.
so drink your wine blind in the future.
perhaps even in some arrangement that's a little bit like an escrow account, where you put land in the escrow account and the partner nation takes responsibility for it.
pr if you count, yeah, cities. so -- but i did -- and i didn't do -- i think i didn't do as well in school as i could have. i think you're right.
if you buy a two-by-four and it's not straight, you can take it back.
so i got a lot of reader feedback on that one.
take a look at mathematical attainment by 15 year-olds.
so you put that up front so that, if it fails, at least you know you don't have to reset the whole thing.
but actually, the most impressive thing to me is that ... well, actually, i would also like to stand this for all children is to say, thank you, to all adults for actually caring for us a lot and to make our future world much better.
but i think blogs are basically just an evolution, and that's where we are today.
so there was 240 volts going through these homemade copper wires, homemade plug.
well, i'll tell you -- a lot.
i have occasional meetings with scientists.
we just have to find them the right place.
for real -- you can take a second. you've got to feel this to learn it.
they were constantly short of cash.
at 30 my powers seemed mighty to me.
mark riccobono yes.
that is the scale at which technology has liberated and made it accessible.
so let's watch that. nobody's ever seen it.
ok? another way is the outside.
the courts have said over and over again, you don't need any more intellectual property protection.
it wasn't perfect, but it got us through the last century.
very likely, none is close enough to interact with us.
it'll survive her.
in our brainstorms, we came up with the idea you could use it for a soccer goal so at the end of the game, you just roll up the goal and put it in your gym bag.
it's being produced in large amounts, 150 to 180 metric tons per year in the canary islands in peru, and it's big business.
little blue cod swimming in for a dash of color.
because we've all had them, haven't we?
but the americans? oh, we'll make some guns for lego, no problem.
it isn't just there that this happens, but in a natural diet of some communities in the canadian arctic and in the united states and in the european arctic, a natural diet of seals and whales leads to an accumulation of pcbs that have gathered up from all parts of the world and ended up in these women.
not you. not i.
or there is no internet, like facebook, myspace, youtube, for them to talk.
and vital-signs monitoring to prevent sudden cardiac death.
and it appears that, some night in 1947 she left her physical space and was missing all night, until she reappeared in the morning.
we just dismiss it out of our consciousness.
ca it was. ab and it was cloudy.
now, tiny little quibble of a footnote sonny bono, you might say, was a republican, but i don't buy it.
adrian thought that he was going to have to split the chest of the puppet in two and make it breathe like that -- because that's how a horse would breathe, with an expanded chest.
i'll quote general james cartwright, vice chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, who says in a report to congress that cyberattacks could be as powerful as weapons of mass destruction.
you won't make the key otherwise.
we are very happy because we have the opportunity to have this angel in the world -- not only in our country, venezuela, but in our world.
and i thought that they'd probably say, well, it's all about sex.
then there is one billion between 30 and 45, almost one between 45 and 60.
and that woman did not have sentimental compassion.
and that is how i find particles of truth, not the absolute truth, or the whole truth.
pascal came to believe not only the love and the grace of god could bring us back into harmony, but he believed that his own sins and failures could be forgiven, and that when he died he would go to a place called heaven.
and in terms of other things that i wanted to share with you, in terms of ideas, i think it's wonderful to have a situation like this, where so many people from different backgrounds and places can come together, exchange their ideas and form relationships of friendship with each other.
and we sent it to oxford, england where a group of talented crystallographers provided this picture, which helped us understand exactly how this molecule is so potent for this protein target.
we took standard statistical techniques, so i'm going to not talk about that.
yb so, wind power, solar power -- we had a lot to talk about.
these two molecules code and decode.
there's a discrepancy in what's happening today in the emerging economies.
this is only 1,000 galaxies.
answer it took them, on average, three and a half minutes longer.
but it's not. it's a projection which our clever brains create in order to cheat ourselves from the reality of death.
and the girl goes, i know, but, i mean, i swear to god, she reminds us of our mother.
although it's really nothing more than a literary conceit; it's not a technology.
dna,biology,curiosity,history,microbiology,science,technology
and i thought about the films that inspired me, films like gandhi and schindler's list.
rsw oh, my god.
now, there is other origami in space.
what you and i understand as a government doesn't exist in many african countries.
and she was hot.
susan blackmore someone says no, very loudly, from over there.
this is an encore he used to do.
so an entire philosophy, a body of knowledge about the natural world that had been empirically gleaned over centuries, goes away.
well, you either haul around a usb cable or you buy a card reader and haul that around.
it drifts downwards very slightly, but now look what happens under george w. bush and obama.
how on earth about raising children?
he would takes the fruits of each week's reading and he would weave these intricate tapestries of ancient and humanist thought.
let me give you an example.
but if it came over a city, an important city -- not that any city is more important than others, but some of them we depend on them more on the global economic basis -- that could do a huge amount of damage to us as a civilization.
think about the typical kind of robot that you see.
and that really struck me about my father, in the sense that he had such belief that somehow, doing these things giving in the way that he gave, that something good would come out of it, even in the middle of a war, there was a war with pakistan at one point, and the construction stopped totally and he kept working, because he felt, well when the war is done they'll need this building.
so, these are three-pound charges of c4; that's about 10 times what the guy had in his shoes.
and i just want to emphasize how significant an event this is.
it's a non-sugar-coated history of sugar.
so, another dish. one of my favorites. beef with broccoli.
he started inventing all kind of things -- with some materials he invented a centrifuge using a bicycle wheel.
and we think that these affect the way language is learned.
number three on charlotte's list was, i should have learned not to crush on guys three times my age.
i want to talk to you a little bit about why the visions of jeremy rivkins, who would like to ban these sorts of technologies, or of the bill joys who would like to relinquish them, are actually -- to follow those paths would be such a tragedy for us.
and in particular, one area of the temporal lobe is called the fusiform gyrus.
we will not cut you.
it's something that people don't do very well.
if antoine de saint-exupery, the author of the little prince, were here, he would have drawn three holes inside that box and told you your sheep was inside.
i have always loved music and i am excited to be able to conduct my own music with this new software.
and so we said, well, what would the monkeys spontaneously do if this was really their currency, if they were really using it like money?
they're moving around in this gravitational potential well of this cluster, ok.
sweden, the country i come from, has other examples, where wetlands in southern sweden were seen as -- as in many countries -- as flood-prone polluted nuisance in the peri-urban regions.
or if we imagine the new york city metropolitan area, currently home to 12 million people, but 12 million people in the future, perhaps living at the density of manhattan, in only 36 percent of the area, with the areas in between covered by farmland, covered by wetlands, covered by the marshes we need.
now if you were to step back and say, what can we do with this information?
but one of the reasons it's politically hard is there are winners and losers -- not all losers.
the beijing olympics were an exercise in chinese soft power.
it literally says, wat ar ou rea in? right?
here's a site which allows you to look at recovery spending in california.
we buy stuff we didn't know we needed.
that was strictly a capital-markets phenomena.
you've got a lot of pressure favoring antibiotic resistance, so you get increased virulence leading to the evolution of increased antibiotic resistance.
so what you see is nothing but shadow of a shadow of a shadow.
and the big challenge was how to understand the meaning of the symptom in this specific cultural context.
and then my question became, am i the only one who does this?
do you think he's going to take that one? let's see what happens.
don't make decisions too far in advance, particularly ones you're not even conscious you're making.
it's just a question to use some techniques like the time lapse.
so you have to do something like this.
he says that he's just at an extreme end of the spectrum we're all on.
there's a lot of cross-pollination. the only problem, especially for the adults working at mcsweeney's who hadn't necessarily bought into all of this when they signed up, was that there was just the one bathroom.
and then i do it.
and that, in fact, if we really want to understand human emotions, we need to think about them in this way.
in addition to being brazilian, he was described to me before i met him in 1994 as someone who was a cross between james bond on the one hand and bobby kennedy on the other.
you do some routine refresher training, and then you go to put on your parachute and a buddy helps you.
the jumpmasters start to check the door.
and that means united states was richer, but lost more kids than india is doing today, proportionally.
it's 11 meters in diameter, and we know that it started growing in the year 1584.
it's a piece of plastic with a radio shack antenna attached to it.
so for example, we're born loving the taste of something sweet and reacting aversively to the taste of something bitter.
after four hours of this, i stood up, and i took this team apart.
on that table you can see 48 hours' worth of seized goods from passengers entering in to the united states.
chris anderson that was astonishing.
so these are the components.
and i recognize there is so much to be afraid of.
they produced fliers. they called offices.
this man refused to fold to the conventions of normalcy and just decided to fold.
all of their voices had been made by a speaker recording original words in a control booth.
probably because if you live on a farm, you might not have a lot of neighbors, period.
it also looks very similar to some of the cave dwellings of the hopi people that are in that area.
and the french have this extraordinary way of screwing things up by taking a beautiful site and cutting the corner off.
in 2005, the egyptian stock exchange returned over 145 percent.
and so after many trials, many failures, we came up with a very simple arrangement in which we could just move one arm or the other.
it turns out to be a fairly simple and small list, and we have gone in the relatively primitive technology direction.
ted represents a set of values, and as we unite around these values, something really interesting begins to emerge.
it means if i get to the end of my life, the universe can't turn to me and go, what have you been doing, you idiot?
he developed a radical alternative system of engaging the smallest children with the most abstract ideas through physical forms of play.
so what's the next step for ethiopia?
how would you do it?
but at the time we had to throw in the towel.
and he's on a mission.
okay, i had a life-threatening illness, you know.
and i was thinking of humpback whales breaching and dolphins.
and yet people are interestingly resistant to the idea of applying evolutionary thinking to thinking -- to our thinking.
since then we've had wmap, which just gives us higher angular resolution.
1195
but ironically, this situation has empowered all of us, because we are considered, as artists, central to the cultural, political, social discourse in iran.
when i saw that graph i knew there is a way to level the playing field.
this is a farm in the shenandoah valley of virginia.
so that afternoon, i went back to my house, and my three year-old identical twin daughters, eden and tybee feiler, came running to meet me.
why does this happen?
and they're -- they're just as great on that screen as they were in person.
what does that?
and we're finding more and more and more gender differences in the brain.
but then also many people on the far right who seem to benefit from propaganda.
if you type in, oh say, emotion and design, you get 10 pages of results.
there are starfish that can make light.
... and then a catastrophe happened.
but in this century china is coming on line.
and what i've found is that the process of designing and building electronics is problematic in all sorts of ways.
bruno giussani thank you.
they didn't have tv screens, and they didn't have any football games to watch.
httpwww.ted.comtalksrosslovegrovesharesorganicdesigns.html
her first job was at an inner-city motel in san francisco as a maid.
28 great, big, powerful yaks carrying all the equipment up onto this mountain -- i don't just have my speedo, but there's a big film crew who then send all the images around the world.
the other thing about human beings is that we love to be entertained.
my father was there to provide it.
that's a lot of women who don't get justice.
in china, it's all women.
and i'm talking about if you've got a baby now, or if you've got a 10-year-old now.
you are now immortal.
i remember a few years ago, i was thinking about all this, and i went to see the sunday sport, a tabloid newspaper that i don't recommend you to start reading if you're not familiar with it already.
i mean, confidence is like, you know, you've been on that bull before; you know you can ride him.
the first step was to ask a question.
human beings want to be happy.
now as i was there, i guess, like a lot of people, i assumed that it was just an aspirin for the mind.
they're trained to think more, to try and de-escalate.
-- her first night in the lab because she was going to make the sensor.
but what's really cool is that since there's a physics simulation running under this, it's actually heavier. so the lighter stuff doesn't really move but if i throw it at the lighter guys, right?
there are statuses. i mean, what is valedictorian, but a status?
not me, that was for sure.
but more importantly, it was linked in to the andean notions of sacred geography.
and it was as if through the standards of my western life, i hadn't lived up to my full potential.
so i leave you with this third question.
you know, calculus is wonderful.
how you do negotiate with your friend who wants your toy?
here's our new car it gets great gas mileage, it has leather seats, buy our car.
now, you're all thinking, yeah, what about the brain tissue?
one is that the aliens might be very far away.
if you're a military commander and you wage troops -- the little plastic toys on the board -- and you lose them, i put in a letter.
and we found that in chile -- within two months of the invasion of peru you had strains entering chile -- and when you look at those strains, in the very far left-hand side of this graph, you see a lot of variation in the toxin production.
and almost a kind of poltergeist effect.
and those are the pieces of wood. those are the instructions.
so we must find other solutions.
i want you to know that there are farmers' markets in every community popping up.
dean ornish shares new research that shows how adopting healthy lifestyle habits can affect a person at a genetic level. for instance, he says, when you live healthier, eat better, exercise, and love more, your brain cells actually increase.
audience hello. i read somewhere that in the last 20 years, the average lifespan of basically anyone on the planet has grown by 10 years.
and let me tell you, with all the science and technology at our command, millions of women still carry water on their heads.
so from studying these genomes of extinct humans, we're beginning to arrive at a picture of what the world looked like when modern humans started coming out of africa.
well, so, that leads to kind of an ultimate question could it be that someplace out there in the computational universe we might find our physical universe?
jimmy wales on the birth of wikipedia
you don't need a model.
so, i began to make things again. this is another series of objects made of old computers from my basement.
whoa
it was hot. it wasn't hot enough.
i got my tattoo when i was 29, and i regretted it instantly.
and all of the rest.
so she and i had a delightful conversation.
not a lot of cool, sexy stuff happening in dentistry.
people just use their cell phones to tweet.
by the time the last neanderthal disappeared in europe, 27,000 years ago, our direct ancestors had already, and for 5,000 years, been crawling into the belly of the earth, where in the light of the flickers of tallow candles, they had brought into being the great art of the upper paleolithic.
bill gates put it very well when he was traveling through saudi arabia.
but they asked one question. they said, is this repeatable?
when you try to solve really complex social problems, the right thing to do is most of the time to create the incentives.
ngozi okonjo-iweala, the former finance minister of nigeria, sums up four days of intense discussion on aid versus trade on the closing day of tedglobal 2007, and shares a personal story explaining her own commitment to this cause.
ca so, i want to ask you a couple other questions, and if any of these feel inappropriate, it's okay just to say, next question.
but experts do get things wrong.
i thought i could jazz it up a bit, have a little fun with it.
we can see a whole area desolated, and it can be brought back to bloom again, with time or a little help.
i was lucky; i had heard about him for years, and i finally met him earlier this year at his museum in chengdu.
these brainwaves are being analyzed and we can see them as a graph.
but these are early incorporations of illusions brought to -- sort of high point with hans holbein's ambassadors. and hans holbein worked for henry viii. this was hung on a wall where you could walk down from the stair and you can see this hidden skull.
is it really in the tissue? and i'll end up with this yes.
we need to put ourselves into boy culture.
one of the things we see about life is that it moves from the inner to increasing sociability. and by that it means that there is more and more of life whose entire environment is other life.
bear in mind there are two things about this.
this is white noise.
chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
the lesson was simplicity sells.
and i know 200, i know about the small data.
beauty is nature's way of acting at a distance, so to speak.
can of whup ass, the networking force.
and if it looks like greek to you, it's because, well, it's greek.
and they came down on the side of open publication, which is the right approach -- we've briefed the white house, we've briefed members of congress, we've tried to take and push the policy issues in parallel with the scientific advances.
oh, by the way, just in case you weren't already guessing, it's calcium carbonate.
a major fortune 500 furniture maker uses these corner blocks to protect their tables in shipment.
this is the ministry of economics and finance.
and, for any finnish people in the audience, this is a finnish pun we are, both literally and metaphorically, skating on thin ice if we don't understand that kind of thing.
when i posted this secret, dozens of people sent voicemail messages from their phones, sometimes ones they'd been keeping for years, messages from family or friends who had died.
if you look at the chart at the top here, you'll see that in 2025, these goldman sachs projections suggest that the chinese economy will be almost the same size as the american economy.
and don't get me wrong, because when i first heard it -- aside from the fact that i thought he was insane -- i got that thump in my chest, just that huh?
httpwww.ted.comtalksgrahamhawkesfliesthroughtheocean.html
this is what we believe.
and put another way, the crux of the problem is the machine that we use for thinking about other minds, our brain, is made up of pieces, brain cells, that we share with all other animals, with monkeys and mice and even sea slugs.
accepting death means accepting that we are physical beings who are intimately connected to the environment, as the research on environmental toxins confirms.
and that's what i think the magic ingredient is, the secret sauce, is can you invoke wonder.
and i tell people that this is where great stories start from -- these four intersections of what you're passionate about and what others might be invested in.
but this wasn't always the way.
there will come a day when you can have hundreds of thousands of tests done, very cheaply, if you want to know. you can learn about your own mosaic.
and when you look at people, your eyes are caught over at two to three times a second.
yes, it is. it's our work -- that was a while ago, and it still is my favorite project -- of teleconferencing.
httpwww.ted.comtalksdrewberryanimationsofunseeablebiology.html
oh no. thanks though, i'll leave them here. thanks very much.
that was a lot of negative energy, built up in there.
and by virtue of being technologies, they're manipulable.
so, he's going, what's in your hand?
on one hand, we can probe the deepest secrets of the universe and dramatically push back the frontiers of technology, as this conference vividly demonstrates.
and the world has spent a lot of money on it the gavi and the gates foundations are each pledging a lot of money towards it, and developing countries themselves have been doing a lot of effort.
and the model that we're working with in hospitals, and also with many, many different buildings, is to keep the outdoors out.
and so this would be the typical talk i would give.
and what was striking to me is that the farmers actually had no clue what was made of their pigs, but the consumers -- as in us -- had also no idea of the pigs being in all these products.
we counted around 2,000, so i don't know how many penguins there really are, but i know i can count 2,000.
most of you will be happy to know that the rest of the presentation's free, and some of you'll be happy to know that it involves beer.
that means that we know the right combination of heat and cold and the cycles that you have to get to make the seed germinate.
we just had this vote, and everybody's like, well, not in our state.
httpwww.ted.comtalksboghumakabisentitanjiethicalriddlesinhivresearch.html
when you think of it, there is 99 things that can age us.
there's a ramp.
but if it's taught properly, it can be a lot of fun.
wear a helmet.
we also see a big diy movement.
and you will see, the amount of corn planted this year will be up dramatically from last year and there will be that much more habitat because we've decided ethanol is going to help us.
if the atlantic was about my inner journey, discovering my own capabilities, maybe the pacific has been about my outer journey, figuring out how i can use my interesting career choice to be of service to the world, and to take some of those things that i've learned out there and apply them to the situation that humankind now finds itself in.
and when she got to the house she was greeted.
so as dramatically different as these television shows, pure entertainment, have been over the last 50 years -- what did i start with? -- one basic instinct remains.
we would have no pains, but also no joys.
oh, yeah, and it takes about 5.6 million indians.
now i am a believer in democracy.
anthony atala printing a human kidney
so when you go into the recording session, you get to stop after every piece and rebuild the piano if you need to.
local communities on the east coast would get together and whole teams of 10, 20 people would caravan across the united states, and they would form companies.
there's been about a decade of research about what people are calling the boy crisis.
so this project started from the following realization it turns out that approximately 200 million captchas are typed everyday by people around the world.
and people come to visit to see if they can identify a picture they've lost or help somebody else get the photos back to them that they might be desperately searching for.
i've been carrying on here about the biology of love.
they also live deep.
because we think that we can give that purpose and that community and that self-worth back to the veteran.
so the humanistic ideal is very, very strong in all this work, encapsulated perhaps by one of my early sketches here, where you can see greenery, you can see sunlight, you have a connection with nature.
and i call it hells and heavens because it's daily hells and daily heavens.
and, it would arrive at an agreement that everybody was happy with, without having to manipulate them so much -- which is basically what i do, i manipulate them.
so the genome really tells you much more about predisposition.
in oxford, perhaps we can use lewis carroll and look in the looking glass that is new york city to try and see our true selves, or perhaps pass through to another world.
so -- again, isn't this great?
so how we used it was in a room where we had a camera looking into the space, and we had one monitor, one on each wall.
we will make the road from violent activities into politics harder to travel.
and when you think of the fabric of the brain, the structure, how is it built? what is the pattern of the carpet?
and you can see, mostly it overlaps and it's yellow, but there's some things that just alice has and some things that just bob has.
depression, for example, is the third-leading cause of disability, alongside conditions such as diarrhea and pneumonia in children.
in this case it's about 25 percent, based on that.
in that case, we can see how where they think the flag had been changes as a function of how you change the shape and size of the environment.
young women who live in areas with high maternal mortality change their behavior less in response to hiv than young women who live in areas with low maternal mortality.
come on into the secret lab.
as long as it comes from our hearts, we can write about anything and everything.
and here she is at seven years old, weighing no more than a one year-old baby.
here's my favorite bonehead concept from the 1990s in the pentagon the theory of anti-access, area-denial asymmetrical strategies.
furthermore, it's simply not true that what went wrong in afghanistan is the light footprint.
well i do as i always do.
spent the first six months breastfeeding, the way i can see it.
early explorers sailed off the edge of the map, and they found a place where the normal rules of time and temperature seem suspended.
nearly all of these proteins can be explained by a single gene family, so this means that the diversity of silk types we see today is encoded by one gene family, so presumably the original spider ancestor made one kind of silk, and over the last 380 million years, that one silk gene has duplicated and then diverged, specialized, over and over and over again, to get the large variety of flavors of spider silks that we have today.
northwest flight seven coming into seattle on march 12th or whatever.
now this is a little pump with which you could inflate a balloon.
but the high point was the realization of a childhood dream harnessing the raging powers of niagara falls, and bringing light to the city.
and that's a very different way to look at the problem.
we make sure that we select our equipment properly.
that allows you to get the efficiency up from a hundredth of a percent to about two percent.
and they don't really change much.
and so she ultimately turned to prostitution.
where the percentage of illiteracy is very high, we use puppetry.
your skin gets more blood flow when you change your lifestyle, so you age less quickly. your skin doesn't wrinkle as much.
sometimes we even have these formalized cultural expectations.
so the children said, how do we do that.
and recently, or now not that recently, about six months ago, the authorization of a peacekeeping force of 26,000 that will go.
now the second round of voting did not bring forth a clear winner either.
the peace talks dragged on and on and on.
well, here population growth comes in because there among emerging economies we already have two to three children per woman, family planning is widely used, and population growth is coming to an end.
and howard looked at their product line, and he said, what you have is a dead tomato society.
but getting the private sector to expand is also difficult, because any activity which is open to international trade is basically going to be uncompetitive in a post-conflict situation.
whereas the chickens are actually mature within a couple of months.
but with this small investment in a rat capacity, we have demonstrated in mozambique that we can reduce the cost-price per square meter up to 60 percent of what is currently normal -- two dollars per square meter, we do it at 1.18, and we can still bring that price down.
the dictionary is not carved out of a piece of granite, out of a lump of rock. it's made up of lots of little bits.
so all the things that had seemed most normal about tony was evidence, according to his clinician, that he was mad in this new way.
and bill, if you're here, nobody thinks you're megalomaniacal.
i'm still doing this project, but it is obsolete, because you're all doing it.
so, we gather around, we discuss about problems and social problems and talk about it.
they want to add to it and it's hard to add to a building like that -- it's a beautiful, minimalist, black steel building -- and richard wants to add a library and more student stuff and it's a lot of acreage.
main result is that there is tremendous confusion.
and your instinct is to say, why don't you suck an egg?
so there, we experience the translation. now we'll experience the interpretation.
greetings to all of you from pakistan.
we're learning that they probably have a language in the wild.
i haven't given a talk in nearly four months.
wouldn't it be great if the technology we used to take care of ourselves was as good as the technology we use to make money?
what caused it?
so one day, the scouts came running and told the villagers, the enemies are coming. only half an hour away, they'll be here.
we've actually taken a sliver of the ocean, put it behind glass, and we together have put bluefin tuna and yellowfin tuna on display.
that means that the brains are synced up more closely in terms of simultaneous activity, and the arrows flow clearly from left to right.
and if you've ever had a mammogram -- if you're old enough to have had a mammogram -- you know what comes next pain.
they are the connections that actually make nature resilient.
to conflicts, it would be u.n.'s peacekeeping forces, and so on.
a professional psychic who speaks to dead people, she can't reach me?
these are the faces of the children that i have tested with stories just like justin.
and again i didn't think too much of it.
they still have an apple left.
i mean, probability and statistics, it's the mathematics of games and gambling.
28
we don't know what causes them.
i'm a big believer in the emotion of design, and the message that's sent before somebody begins to read, before they get the rest of the information; what is the emotional response they get to the product, to the story, to the painting -- whatever it is.
the moratoriums are fine, but we do need to focus on the molecules on the oil.
give me some comfort; my world is falling apart.
secondly, you have to bring structure into place.
the reason is that the system gets reimbursed for the kids they spit out the other end, not the children who read.
supposedly, anyway. i believe that one.
so, from that mythology, the upper city and lower city come.
rusty schweickart, who was an apollo 9 astronaut, is on this. dan durda, my friend who made this image, works here at southwest research institute in boulder, on walnut street. he created this image for this, and he's actually one of the astronomers who works for them. if we see an asteroid that's going to hit the earth and we have enough time, we can hit it to move it into a better orbit. but then what we do is we launch a probe that has to weigh a ton or two.
and the reason i'm looking a little bit perplexed in this photograph is i was somewhat frightened, and i was too afraid on this occasion to ask him, having run for an hour through the desert and taken refuge in this house, why he had turned up and wanted to have his photograph taken with me.
the arts reformation, like the religious reformation, is spurred in part by technology, with indeed, the printing press really leading the charge on the religious reformation.
these are all the different things that you can text to google and they will -- yeah you're all trying to write this down.
phil plait how to defend earth from asteroids
and they'd give me their orders for the following week.
now we're going to go to the east african and the rift valley.
and that's one of the reasons why arthur andersen chose to launch accenture rather than try to persuade the world that andersen's could stand for something other than accountancy.
the freudian model is really one continuum that, as you get less miserable, you get happier.
one simple fact you couldn't try to call an afghan at 830 in the evening.
so by itself, i think this tells a lot about how people behave.
but then the computer came, and i decided to apply the computer, not to new problems in mathematics -- like this wiggle wiggle, that's a new problem -- but to old problems.
and you have to read your ancient history to realize what a revolution that has been, ok. this was not a prevalent view, few thousand years ago, and i attribute it to this non-zero-sum dynamic.
and you can run your script through there, and they can tell you, quantifiably, that that's a 30 million dollar movie or a 200 million dollar movie.
he doesn't stand quite as upright.
in terms of psychographic, you know, the people in second life are remarkably dissimilar relative to what you might think, when you go in and talk to them and meet them, and i would, you know, challenge you to just do this and find out.
and i'm about to show you a 30 second video animation that took me and james five years of our lives to do.
which of those happened first?
httpwww.ted.comtalksbarryschulergenomics101.html
so how are we going to solve this?
if you come back a billion years later and look at it again, it will be moving away faster.
imagine whenever you meet any other person, any time you meet a person, your habitual, instinctive first thought is, i want you to be happy.
everything is just fine under these circumstances.
and same thing here, social tele-presence.
it's their great calling right now, to get people all around the world better at expanding their moral imaginations, appreciating that in so many ways they're in the same boat.
it has happened before in history.
and then, i will demonstrate a thing from russian satellite, stealen -- stolen, probably copied from america but we will see.
is very painful.
there you go chris.
these are the two pictures taken of garment factories in guangdong province and garment factories in india.
and what the hell does that mean to you?
sebastian seung what am i?
ss when aimee got there, she decided that she's, kind of, curious about track and field, so she decided to call someone and start asking about it.
but it struck me that i'd never heard of cancer of the heart, or cancer of any skeletal muscle for that matter.
so you have less waste, and the waste that you have is not as environmental malign as it is with cow dung.
he was treated with radiation therapy, state-of-the-art radiation therapy, but it didn't help.
i don't think that whether or not you're getting a compliment should be the test of something's value, but i think in the case of a fashion item, an article of clothing, that's a reasonable benchmark.
the learner could be middle-aged, could be as young as 20.
but still, will the society, would they accept such a radical idea?
and as a graduate student, you can't do that. so i said, oh my gosh.
i'll give you some astounding things that have happened as we started this.
what came out of it?
we're replicating it in other parts of africa, around other wilderness areas which are faced with extreme population pressure.
candles can't burn in a vacuum, therefore, probably sparklers wouldn't either.
i was also pregnant at the time.
now, obviously it makes common sense that if you want to help the people, you go where the people are.
we're at last starting to debate this issue, and the benefits that are available for designing for the ears in education, unbelievable.
well, no truncal ataxia, that's good. first doctor you feeling light-headed or dizzy at all?
httpwww.ted.comtalksshanekoyczantothisdayforthebulliedandbeautiful.html
and we wondered how they use these bizarre toes to climb up a wall so quickly.
now, you've heard about this in terms of nanotechnology.
httpwww.ted.comtalkskristatippettreconnectingwithcompassion.html
this is expected to double, triple or maybe quadruple year over year for the foreseeable future.
the fact is that we simply don't know when the warming that we create will be utterly overwhelmed by feedback loops.
we need to focus on reducing the oil.
885
so what is this? this is corncobs turned into charcoal.
chris anderson quick question for you, dan.
this young girl and her friend that i met in an orphanage in delhi were hiv positive from a syringe.
biology,birds,humor,science,sex
and so this opens up the whole idea of looking at colony health.
it's actually emitting ultrasound -- low-level ultrasound -- that's about 100,000 vibrations per second.
these were being sold for about 2,000 dollars each, and they are used for bear paw soup, and also being trained, later on, to become dancing bears like the one you just saw.
httpwww.ted.comtalkscatherinemohrsurgeryspastpresentandroboticfuture.html
j. b .s. haldane himself had something to say about animals whose world is dominated by smell.
we're very excited about the progress, we do have a very long way to go though still, and let me tell you a little bit more about that.
and then, finally, that is our network.
caleb chung that's all i wanted to say there. i love toys.
why do we have them? well, as i said, we have them because we think maybe playfulness is important.
as soon as the door closed...
and it sits in the membrane of the cell and it's got a pore in it.
linux is another good example.
right now, they are under the skin, but in the future, they won't have to be implanted.
the first one is a lack of bilinguals.
it was great.
but you have a kind of a set point there, which would be in the middle.
by extension, we think to ourselves, why it's hotter in summer than in winter must be because we're closer to the sun.
now, i'm also really big on photography.
the idea is to try to provide some measure of physical comfort while you're down there, otherwise in damp, moist, cold conditions in utterly dark places.
thank you very much.
the input doesn't really have to be meaningful.
i tried to imagine myself in their place, and i was totally humbled by their courage and determination in the face of such catastrophic loss.
you're probably asking that. why should you care?
and this is from a large traveling sculpture project that he's doing.
can you believe they've got a date from morocco?
they were trying to catch fish.
weird, no one dances. we're two guys doing this.
that mother has a better chance to heal her children than any peace agreement can do.
and his answer was very interesting.
if those diseases where tissues are deteriorating -- for example alzheimer's, where the brain, the brain cells, die and we need to restore new brain cells, new functional brain cells -- what if we could, in the future, use cancer? a tumor -- put it in the brain and cause it to differentiate into brain cells?
i love the little smile she does right over the top of the note -- like, no problem, everything's fine.
because ultimately, that electoral outcome had nothing to do with the rest of the world.
put it on a chip, enable thousands of tests to be done at the point of care, anywhere in the world.
you now have your fully seeded scaffold.
it's usually some kind of choice between the vocational and the intellectual.
from dutch to chinese, into hordahordaneecheewa.
and i thought it was so fantastic.
and i think that's the issue, you know; it's the then what that most clients who hire architects -- most clients aren't hiring architects for that.
and that suddenly, people, en masse, were leaving scores and scores of digital footprints online that told stories of their private lives.
within a decade or two, most american children will be born into homes with no father.
the genocide happened in 1994, seven years after these women all worked together to build this dream.
sometimes they hunt -- not that often, but when they hunt, they show sophisticated cooperation, and they share the prey.
life without emotion would really not be life.
so he was like my hero.
they're of a new nature they could lead the world into a digital conflict that could turn into an armed struggle.
because communities and countries and ultimately the world are only as strong as the health of their women.
but if your goal is no longer to direct the traffic, but maybe to count the cars that go by, then more eyeballs are better.
or maybe we should be out in the street in front of a greyhound bus or a vehicle.
it's full of us, it's full of our stuff, full of our waste, full of our demands.
it's a part of the space that's accessible to animals; since we are animals, we are a subset of that.
once the child discovers he is important to his family, he begins to seek new ways of improving himself and hopes better for himself and his community.
so how come this is something that everyone uses and they think others will not stop it? what is special with this?
so what i'm going to show you is all of the main things, all of the main features of my discipline -- evidence-based medicine.
so, we're thinking -- by we, i mean me -- that the thing to do is to talk about a pr campaign for work, manual labor, skilled labor.
in tribute and remembrance of 2611 attacks over the last one year, we have actually helped a pakistani ngo, aman foundation, to set up a self-sustainable life support ambulance service in karachi, facilitated by acumen fund.
but as we look, what's out there, we've barely scratched the surface on what is available on this planet.
this one was great it went to 100,000 feet, but didn't quite. actually, it went 11 feet into the solid clay; and it became a bunker-buster, drilling down into the clay. it had to be dug out.
c'mon, fire
they are first cousins, and you know what happens when, you know -- so there's a terribly weird freaky side to me, which i'm fighting with all the time. so to try and get through today, i've kind of disciplined myself with an 18-minute talk.
in the low frequencies, this line indicates sound that comes from seismic activity of the earth.
it's just happening in another part of the world.
one is the recession -- that the recession has caused us to rethink our relationship with the things in our lives relative to the value -- so starting to align the value with the true cost.
this is a bit like ambition and drive -- i'm going to do that. i'm going to work hard.
so what we've done is i've started to do pet scans of everybody in the family.
but human nature doesn't change, mate.
and i just wanted to show you what happened one day when turbo brought in a friend.
and that's where i work. i create mathematical objects, symmetrical objects, using galois' language, in very high dimensional spaces.
the drug lords were kind of worried about us filming in the place, so i told them, you know what?
and one part of nasa was interested in it but the headquarters in nasa, they killed the project.
and a quarter-million people every year use these now in sao paulo.
and, not surprisingly, they tell you that all this was done by marduk.
but people did not relate to this.
this is just a matter of finding 'em, going there, and doing something about it.
and he said that there were still times when he wished he could go back and play the organ the way he used to, and that for me, medical school could wait, but that the violin simply would not.
httpwww.ted.comtalkshenrymarkramsupercomputingthebrainssecrets.html
you can only get positive, that mental shift, if the reality is that prosperity is being built.
and you're going to the mountains to ski, you get different accessories put on the car for doing that sort of thing.
during that time, you haven't thought about what you're going to eat tomorrow.
719
and that's what i'd like to talk to you a little bit about today.
and so this is what you do you have a free-style artist come in and memorize a rap that you write for them, that they've never heard before, and then you have them free-style.
there might be storms, but the depth of the ocean is still there, unchanged.
the era of the big surgeon, big incision had arrived, but at quite a cost, because they are saving lives, but not necessarily quality of life, because healthy people don't usually need surgery, and unhealthy people have a very hard time recovering from a cut like that.
if there's a youtube-like site that you could put up, you could make it interactive, zip code specific -- where people could join together, and through satellite imaging systems, through virtual earth or google earth, you could confirm carbon credits are being sequestered by the trees that are coming through life boxes.
and it's not just stewardship and dominion debate, because really, dominion is implicit in stewardship -- because how could you dominate something you had killed?
we'll be talking about them.
another reason why animals have extraordinary performance, and can go anywhere, is because they have an effective interaction with the environment. the animal i'm going to show you, that we studied to look at this, is the gecko.
so, that's a scenario that we think we should be capitalizing on.
they vary between cultures, between nations, between individuals, between social classes, between education levels.
so, it's just a season. and there are two seasons in most of south asia.
all you've got to do is go a few hundred miles in that same direction and look back, and you won't see any walls or chemical scum at all -- all you see is a blue planet. and if you go further than that, you'll see the sun, the solar system, and the stars and so on.
it's called breath. it's just two holes on the gallery wall.
there is no cure, but there's something that sometimes works -- it usually doesn't -- most hospitals don't offer it, so they won't even tell you it exists.
the treaties were out the window.
i'm going to go through them very quickly and then revisit them.
there is an extraordinary regularity.
but wagner made an innovation.
and as was typical with the norden bombsight, the bomb actually missed its target by 800 ft.
come with me to the bottom of the world, antarctica, the highest, driest, windiest, and yes, coldest region on earth -- more arid than the sahara and, in parts, colder than mars.
so nature already gives us really exquisite structures on the nanoscale.
and then what we see in the singularity, that prophesized by kurzweil and others -- his idea that technology is accelerating evolution.
they would put up 25,000 images, they would go like this, 25,0000, okay, okay.
and there is a variety of other things the shape of the cushions, the gel we put.
and one of the best ways to study something without contaminating it is to have an intermediary.
i came back to india and nobody was interested in buying the story.
so, with the advice of my physician, i had myself admitted to the acute care psychiatric unit of our university hospital.
the work pays them a salary; the salary allows them to pay for the car over time.
and, believe it or not, there were hisses in the audience.
and, of course, happy faces.
well, you'd start by finding out if the biotech is really there.
i have a daughter, mulan.
the arm is extended below the head.
it's a real experience, not only to learn how to play and listen to rhythms, but to train your musical memory and playing music in a group.
we are feeding our kids antibiotics in beef and other animal protein every day.
we have seen this demonstrated already in the talks preceding mine.
robin ince science versus wonder?
i was sent straight away to my school principal, and my school principal, a sweet nun, looked at my book with disgust, flipped through the pages, saw all the nudes -- you know, i'd been seeing my mother draw nudes and i'd copy her -- and the nun slapped me on my face and said, sweet jesus, this kid has already begun.
he's called an isthri wala. but he's carrying a 21st-century instrument.
no need of staying with me all the day pushing my wheelchair.
and therefore it means that we have to remember that, while many of us have had huge opportunities -- and pat, you have been a real leader in your field -- is that there are a lot of women that are not capable of worrying and taking care of themselves and understanding that women have to help other women.
i have 10 picture books out.
no one can survive alone.
i put up a somewhat dour darwin, but a very happy chimp up there.
and so i urge you all to wake up and to tune in and to influence the genomic revolution that's happening all around you.
and yet, mysteriously, somehow the bee flies.
34
i had to have long conversations with my wife.
so, this incident that i'm going to describe really began with some diarrhea.
and now there is a trumpet player who does something not exactly the way it should be done.
we developed a plan called the one degree war plan -- so named because of the level of mobilization and focus required.
and we did, and we traveled around, and we spoke to elders, we spoke to doctors, we spoke to nurses, we held press conferences, we went out with soldiers, we sat down with isaf, we sat down with nato, we sat down with the u.k. government.
so the higher up the image, the more evidence there is for each supplement.
it only takes two years to learn how to talk.
it's very ingenious, as all freudian arguments are -- -- but didn't make much sense because i have seen the same delusion, a patient having the same delusion, about his pet poodle.
a mole's software for constructing models of its world will be customized for underground use.
and the challenge is really found in this picture here.
i'm going to send everyone here a free copy of this book.
i'm helping people accept the things they cannot change. indeed.
but you can do something about that.
there's more than five million of them.
obviously, there's always the dark side of it.
and it now has a hand that can do different grasps.
so one thing that makes controlling movement difficult is, for example, sensory feedback is extremely noisy.
they just, they insist that because i was a magician, put a nice, black tablecloth on.
there was a lot of skepticism. on the opening night, i overheard one of the senior members of staff saying, this is going to be a bomb.
so, the hispanics and the black folks have formed a partnership to grow high technology orchids in the middle of the inner city.
and for the last video, i think this is simply the best title.
in some cases all schools, all churches, all public venues were closed.
now how are we going to do that?
hopefully, a dialog between adults and children will happen on many different levels, and hopefully different kinds of humor will evolve.
we will provide all the open source software for them, maybe starting next month.
so he says, well, i'll put my tongue on the dog's flesh.
the old brain is still there. you still have that alligator brain.
and so we started a publication with the society for conservation that we think presents cutting-edge science in a new, novel way, because we have reporters that are good writers that actually can distill the information and make it accessible to the general public.
but you don't always have to go down to the depths of the ocean to see a light show like this.
here's where it happens.
one way to change our genes is to make new ones, as craig venter has so elegantly shown.
and if you ever get bored you can look at another thing, and do another thing and talk about it, right?
why? and they'd say, oh, it feels so natural, or, it's nice.
and as with amazon, so it is with netflix.
maybe these people are just independently wealthy.
the whole surface of it is covered with 60 million diodes, red, blue, and green, that allow you to have a high-resolution picture, visible in daylight.
i become the medium through which the music is being channeled, and in the process, when all is right, the music is transformed and so am i.
live each day as if it is your last, said mahatma gandhi.
so we went over into michael's garage -- his dad had all kinds of stuff, and we put a pipe in the vice there, and screwed a cap on the end of the pipe, drilled a hole in the back of the pipe, took some of our firecrackers, pulled out the fuses, tied them together, put them in the back there, and -- down in that hole -- and then stuffed some of our gunpowder down that pipe and put three ball bearings on the top, in the garage.
jo what do you think this is? child i don't know.
all is ordered, all is beautiful, all the people and animals are doing what they're supposed to be doing, where they're supposed to be.
there are two clips i want to show you, the first one is a kind of hodgepodge, its just three little moments, four little moments with three of the people who are here tonight.
jarreth merz filming democracy in ghana
so, actually, he tried making it compulsory.
it goes to 1953 when american cia exercised a coup and removed a democratically elected leader, dr. mossadegh.
and my father used to say at that time, i'm going to spread all my four daughters in four corners of the world.
and it went really well 50 years ago.
so, the first time i did that, i went, like, whoa like this.
you know, these are things that we have good physiological reasons to expect to see stressed caused by this transience.
now, synesthesia is the experience of a stimulus in once sense organ in another sense organ as well, such as colored hearing.
so where's the link between these two things?
i think that women in this part of the world realize that culture is an important component to connect people both locally and regionally.
so, if you've got india here, when the front is up above india you're into the southwest monsoon.
and i asked him, how long is it possible to go without breathing, like how long could i go without air?
because you all used to be three years old.
one idea.
and the first murder of a mother by a son was my great-great-great-great-great-great-grandfather.
at the other end of the network, there'd be a server for people to send photos and messages to, accessible over the web, combining a photo-sharing service, social networking platforms and a collaborative filtering system.
they've been doing it for a million years; words were women's tools.
and we did a fourth, and a fifth and a sixth.
the first tunnels date back to 60 b.c.
and the statistical result is that planets like our own earth are out there.
what happens with these one- and two-step types?
secondly, and most importantly, turkey became a democracy earlier than any of the countries we are talking about.
and they're big mountains, thousands of feet tall, some of which are tens of thousands of feet and bust through the surface, creating islands like hawaii.
they were significantly less entertained when this went on for the next week.
so it's like the equator or the lines of longitude.
and it's trying to show off its ability i'm macho, i'm strong.
now the odd thing is that even though we knew that there would be that kind of civilization obliteration, we engaged in america in a series -- and in fact, in the soviet union -- in a series of response planning.
so i want to see a completely renewed, changed math curriculum built from the ground up, based on computers being there, computers that are now ubiquitous almost.
and if, however, you are detected very early, diagnosed early, treatment can start, and even in hiv-positives, it makes sense.
hopefully i might get something a bit more dramatic and romantic before i die.
they like to look at beautiful faces rather than plain faces.
and these are the ultimate literalists.
but then, after world war i, things dropped, and we get this historically low level of polarization.
so, as you see, people care about harm and care issues.
six months later i had the chance to go to japan.
i think the take-home message though is that we can improve the real quality of human life by reducing the differences in incomes between us.
not only will it raise itself to 115 fahrenheit, 43 or 44 degrees centigrade, for two days, but it keeps constant temperature.
and again, the transition from one of the many thousands of sketches and computer images to the reality.
in fact, there's no diet on earth that meets basic nutritional needs that won't promote growth, and many will make you much healthier than ours does.
httpwww.ted.comtalksalexandertsiarasconceptiontobirthvisualized.html
by the way, this doesn't help.
right across the world, people are doing the unthinkable they're slowing down, and finding that, although conventional wisdom tells you that if you slow down, you're road kill, the opposite turns out to be true that by slowing down at the right moments, people find that they do everything better.
this vast domain of hidden biodiversity is increased still further by the dark matter of the biological world of bacteria, which within just the last several years still were known from only about 6,000 species of bacteria worldwide.
we've even, on christmas, we saw some of the kids were doing it.
pictures were taken every day day one, day two ...
who's got the hero view?
now what makes humans different is human language.
ca and that content is all off the board now.
he was a man of many, many parts.
the final problem that david knew he could not solve was death.
now that last mile, last foot, in a sense, is the first step of the infrastructure.
httpwww.ted.comtalksstuartbrownsaysplayismorethanfunitsvital.html
now we're making scottish tartans, as you can see on the left, to sell to all people of scottish ancestors.
i had to just sit and watch.
so, there're lots of things. everything has rf tags there's rf tags on the user, on the cards, there's the staff devices that are all around the store.
and it wasn't a moment, and these lions came back towards us, and beverly was able to get a great photograph.
and then i'd just deliver pop and i'd just charge twice.
the government needs to provide economically viable services.
this is the result of my hobby, which is unofficial bin inspections.
i've moved the microphone 20 centimeters.
the next slide i'm about to show you, is a little more serious.
you could think of a thousand possible uses, i'm sure.
as a child, i had a pretty normal life i would go to school, play with my friends and cousins.
yves showed one of the power-generating devices.
it won lots of awards.
so we've built this system where we understand all the parts of it, but we're using it in a very, very different way than we expected to use it, and it's gotten a very, very different scale than it was designed for.
so it's all been teacher-driven.
it seems like he has so much bad luck, you know.
a few words about how i got started, and it has a lot to do with happiness, actually.
the philippines didn't succeed.
now, here's the bad news.
so i wrote a book on my research.
and yet, how did it start?
and if you lose where you are in your biosphere, or are perhaps having a difficulty connecting with where you are in the biosphere, i would say to you, take a deep breath.
i've felt that way on certain occasions, at various times.
it's nearly halfway around the globe.
and some say this was the start of a global movement.
and rough-and-tumble play is a great learning medium for all of us.
and i'm applying a similar trick to say, what if we looked at the universe in our culture through the eyes of technology? what does technology want?
you'll eat countless gourmet meals.
and despite their ferocious appearance, tasmanian devils are actually quite adorable little animals.
so -- and that's from less than five months from a prototype in my lab to a major commercial product.
and that's how powerful the one negative is.
and i will give you two little snippets -- two examples -- of projects we're involved in in my group in oxford, both of which i think are rather exciting.
they draw pictures of what they're observing with their eyes, through technology like telescopes and microscopes, and also what they're thinking about in their minds.
it has facilities like swimming pools, it has flextime, it has a social heart, a space, you have contact with nature.
this has a chilling effect on people's ability to use the internet to hold government accountable.
to be a leader means not to be a girl.
the value of education is something that froebel championed, through plastic modes of play.
jose antonio abreu is the charismatic founder of a youth orchestra system that has transformed thousands of kids' lives in venezuela. here he shares his amazing story and unveils a ted prize wish that could have a big impact in the us and beyond.
as you can see, there are two inventors with identical contraptions in their lap, meeting in the waiting room of a patent attorney.
and, before i go, i want to tell you a little story.
the reason it's important is because this is a very special time in history.
and he's sensing the texture by receiving an electrical message directly in the brain.
and finally, we need to understand that in bosnia and kosovo, a lot of the secret of what we did, a lot of the secret of our success, was our humility -- was the tentative nature of our engagement.
and what we're learning is that an ant uses the pattern of its antennal contacts, the rate at which it meets ants of other tasks, in deciding what to do.
and ted has flown ron here from ottawa, where gphin is located, because not only did gphin find sars early, but you may have seen last week that iran announced that they had bird flu in iran, but gphin found the bird flu in iran not february 14 but last september.
the government noticed in ethiopia that many of the people were so far away from a health clinic, they were over a day's travel away from a health clinic.
they don't spend a lot of time dicking around.
now science may dismiss this methodology, but polynesian navigators use it today because it provides them an accurate determination of the angle and direction of their vessel.
we persist also in being sidelined by the idea of the expert as the only one capable of coming up with answers, despite the overwhelming evidence to the contrary.
these young ladies are living in a rice culture, but they know something that few people know in a rice culture.
what are the ingredients? imagination, playfulness, novelty, curiosity, mystery.
it seems to me that were all pointed in the wrong direction.
i'd like to show you thing called snout, which is -- the idea behind this project is to make a robot that appears as if it's continually surprised to see you.
asthma large number, we could detect things like pollen count, air quality, respiratory rate. breast cancer, i'll show you an example of that real quickly.
so i says, ok then, if you say it's a machine ...
thank you. thank you.
but, while we go for certainty differently, if we get total certainty, we get what? what do you feel if you're certain?
rb yeah. no, i put on my oxygen mask and stood on top of the balloon, with my parachute, looking at the swirling clouds below, trying to pluck up my courage to jump into the north sea, which -- and it was a very, very, very lonely few moments.
and then i always finish off by talking about -- the thing that amazes me the most about this question, particularly coming from the dutch, is that the netherlands is every bit as manufactured as disneyland.
we get our individual rights by society protecting us from others not doing everything they can do but largely doing only what is legal.
this is alexander lebed, who was a general that worked with yeltsin, who talked about, and presented to congress, this idea that the russians had developed -- these suitcase bombs. they were very low yield -- 0.1 to one kiloton, hiroshima was around 13 kilotons -- but enough to do an unbelievable amount of damage.
hansen closed his talk by saying, imagine a giant asteroid on a collision course with earth.
woman you're asking me a hard question.
well, as i said, we had a group of photographers that went out on board ships and actually photographed the activities in process.
now but hold on, i'm not finished.
jackie o. once said that traveling by camel made riding an elephant seem like taking a jet plane.
if you need surgery, you want to be operated on by a board-certified surgeon.
so i'm here today to talk about the power of attention, the power of your attention, and the emergence and development of nonviolent movements in the west bank, gaza and elsewhere -- but today, my case study is going to be palestine.
this graph looks boring, but this graph is the reason i get excited and wake up every morning.
so they have all of the information embedded in them of what was constructed.
the first is to recognize the interdependence of three key actors, who are different actors, and at the moment are uncoordinated.
thank you. i'm so happy to be here.
but it's really a tiny fraction of the size of an atomic nucleus.
we got some of the best mathematicians in the world from princeton to work on this problem.
well, before we wrap it up, she would like to give a shout out to all our animal friends back at the knoxville zoo.
now we've got the dawn of interventional surgery here.
you can see amy tan sponsored the next one, i might get somewhere.
a congolese woman, who was telling me about how her children saw their father killed in front of them and saw her raped in front of them and mutilated in front of them, and her children saw their nine-year-old sibling killed in front of them, how they're doing okay right now.
globalize trade.
think of a hamster in the pocket.
well, not so awful.
it's wonderful. do you know what the world will be saved by?
or the man who decides that he is going to take his life, uses facebook as a way to say goodbye to friends and family.
he's got no body, no man, just a head floating high.
we have the opportunity now to bring together all the stakeholders to re-envision how this 28 acres can be better utilized for parkland, affordable housing and local economic development.
this is the steriolithography of a staircase.
he'd known her for a month.
so, the idea is that if we fly around the world in a solar powered airplane, using absolutely no fuel, nobody ever could say in the future that it's impossible to do it for cars, for heating systems, for computers, and so on and so on.
she says, all i can tell you is that it squeaks louder the faster i move it across the screen.
you can dial up the intensity or dial down the intensity of an emotion.
httpwww.ted.comtalksandrewbirdsonemanorchestraoftheimagination.html
you think, ha, ha, ha.
so they're crossing thousands of kilometers in a fraction of a second, and as they do so, they not only curve space, but they leave behind in their wake a ringing of space, an actual wave on space-time.
i guess the more you matter the more space you take up, which explains the whole suv phenomenon.
there's a lot going on there.
and these phones are generating about 100 million dollars for the company.
in a moving and madly viral video last year, composer eric whitacre led a virtual choir of singers from around the world. he talks through the creative challenges of making music powered by youtube, and unveils the first 2 minutes of his new work, sleep, with a video choir of 2,052. the full piece premieres april 7 .
or maybe even the 2 mouse gesture system at that time was costing around 5,000?
the chambal, if you look at it, has clear water.
it says you're moving 10,000 feet per second faster than you really want to be to get back to your gas station.
shawn achor the happy secret to better work
nathaniel's story has become a beacon for homelessness and mental health advocacy throughout the united states, as told through the book and the movie the soloist, but i became his friend, and i became his violin teacher, and i told him that wherever he had his violin, and wherever i had mine, i would play a lesson with him.
but in contrast to this, in the developing world, far away, the aspiration of the average family there was to have food for the day.
but we did know one thing.
it was wonderful working with yves behar.
so, i'm going to stick in rwanda, circa 1985, 1986, where i was doing two things.
well it is, because everything that can't be used for anything else is made into a fuel that can be used as renewable energy source.
never heard of it.
of course, you're not actually working the whole time.
ja yeah.
would you like to see destruction?
kb ok, steve, i want you to take a seat, right behind here. excellent.
and friday night we're trying to decide between risky sex or happiness.
i would later find out that was houdini's personal record.
michael hansmeyer building unimaginable shapes
community,social change
i don't think, even though we often hear, you know, hear the ethical and moral reasons, the religious reasons, here's why caring and giving will make you happier.
well, maybe that's true, maybe that's an exaggeration.
so we did this project, and this is one of the artifacts of the project.
and they do interesting things.
i'm going to show you what it's like to do one of these dives that we do.
so, why not use a yield sign?
more tomorrow. i also have pictures coming of the library for those of you that have asked for pictures.
or let me give you my third building block, the chinese state.
so that's what we're looking for developing.
poof, they learn much faster -- the motivation, the empathy they can establish with the patient is completely different, completely.
they had their super-powerful technique, and they couldn't do as well.
and i tell them, don't run practices late.
now, in essence, the king was asking us to consider an alternative definition of success, what has come to be known as gnh, or gross national happiness.
the producer told us they were looking for some sweet, innocent and beautiful fresh face.
and i could just imagine the committees reporting back to them on where agriculture was going to take humanity, at least in the next few hundred years.
but for many years, until the late 1990s, china had an infrastructure disadvantage vis-a-vis india.
and when we launch these technologies to patients we want to make sure that we ask ourselves a very tough question.
but kids are more vulnerable to brain injury.
unaids have done good data available, finally, about the spread of hiv.
it's so safe you could drink this stuff.
this is a home made entirely out of fruit roll-ups.
before i talk about that, i've written down at the bottom there the slope of this curve, this straight line.
i hope that that turns out to be true.
the second way that we can help make our peace with regret is to laugh at ourselves.
and if it isn't then it produces a shape which is very phonaesthetically tightly coupled to the sounds you made.
and i've listened to that solo 200 times, and i still like it.
i feel like the privilege i've had as a curator is not just the discovery of new works, the discovery of exciting works.
my friend danny hillis says kind of a similar one, he says, technology is anything that doesn't work yet.
galileo, by the way, did this very cleverly by running a ball backwards down the strings of his lute.
but to a liberal, it sounds like this dog is running for the republican nomination.
and hasbro made about, you know, a billion and a half dollars.
it was the suggested syllabus for dealing with the applied arts and science at cambridge university in 1829.
but, of course, our secular religion is technology.
and when you get a very small one -- this is what the kids teach you. you can also do this.
the time capsule was available for one month online, translated into 10 languages, and this is what it looked like.
nothing like the resources of a cern or a darpa or an ibm or a dupont.
why did i choose to study this organ that is so awesome in its complexity that it might well be infinite?
i came up with a few games.
we provide the patients, the afghan disabled, first with the physical rehabilitation then with the social reintegration.
so a few years ago, i actually started getting very interested in the seti program. and that's the way i work.
and we will utilize all kinds of things -- have a dance and social media and visiting on facebook and visit the website, sign the petition.
and that's the shock of recognition at the shock of recognition.
but at the end of the day we should always remember that whoever is facing us, whatever has happened in their lives, there will be a strong element of the haphazard.
only happens when the machine is running.
i kept making comics, and at the worcester art museum, i was given the greatest piece of advice by any educator i was ever given.
kb i'm over a cup, right now?
he impressed in the private sector, developing chemical applications for the oil industry while simultaneously running a worldwide bank and credit card fraud operation that was worth millions until his arrest in 2008.
and this is after two years.
well, for the most part, they don't.
but nonetheless when she popped out despite the fact that her brain had actually been progressing in its development for several months before on the basis of her experiences in the womb -- nonetheless she had very limited abilities, as does every infant at the time of normal, natural full-term birth.
people would look at these and say, man, this thing is so big and so hard to swallow. if this doesn't make me feel better, you know, what possibly could?
he was in the nativity play.
what could they learn to do?
let's think about the future the dragon vis-a-vis the elephant.
consciousness,culture,self,social change,social media,technology
it was like in one verbal swoop he had channeled my thoughts on life and medicine and confucius.
five thousand products -- imagine counting every product category in cesar hidalgo's data.
it was characterized by a nation-versus-nation, very fragile standoff.
but even on the hard policy area we have innovations.
dh a type of juggling i actually invented, right after i saw another juggler do it.
let me translate for you.
so, i went down to my shop, and i molded it and i cast it in resin, because in the resin, then, i could absolutely get the glass smooth finished.
and in my third year, i started becoming confused because i was yemeni, but i was also mixing up with a lot of my friends in college.
if we called valedictorian a white knight paladin level 20, i think people would probably work a lot harder.
so, who am i?
so, the next to last thing i want to say is we're interested in how much life satisfaction people have.
she did so much. she was a playwright.
i lived in a very vibrant, diverse neighborhood where i wrote several of my novels.
what are qualities of a bulgarian work?
i mean, surely these were just people who preached, life is great, right?
i had to sit down and make lists, because i was ready to go; i was ready to check out of this world.
how do we deal with that information that is coming in?
we looked at their desire to cooperate.
the white here are countries which cannot be classified, because one religion does not reach 50 percent or there is doubt about the data or there's some other reason.
in africa, the africans say, i am, because we are.
and these transistors are behaving essentially just like ion channels behave in the brain.
and i just want to say that that is absolutely not going to be the case.
maybe four nights out of the week read them bedtime stories and three nights of the week have them tell stories.
i call this the sport utility principle. people like to surround themselves with unnecessary power, right?
his wife was standing behind me.
so we had to prevent nuclear war if we expected to survive.
goldfish swam.
and i think the west, at least some powers in the west, particularly the united states, made the mistake of supporting those secular dictators, thinking that they were more helpful for their interests.
maybe we don't recognize it every time, but we understand that it happens.
cartoonist jim toomey created the comic strip sherman's lagoon, a wry look at underwater life starring sherman the talking shark. as he sketches some of his favorite sea creatures live onstage, toomey shares his love of the ocean and the stories it can tell.
and so i thought to myself, well, these are the guys who i want to talk to.
dave strudwick is she still going up here? student yeah.
grown sick to our stomachs, and sick of our lives.
this is the town hall for the city.
you've got to have a gradual return to the ordinary world, so you have time to assimilate what you've learned.
you know, a while after tedtalks started taking off, we noticed that speakers were starting to spend a lot more time in preparation.
in fact, no one wanted me to feel bad for them at all.
so those are hints suggesting that humans are susceptible to the effects of the hormones for aging.
i come back up, not for air.
it's twice as tough as our high-tech ceramics.
it must be the same.
do they need it? do they want it in their homes?
instead of deciding whether or not you believe in god, first you do something.
and we knew nothing about going to space.
and, finally, test and test it again.
the next day i went to my shop.
enric sala thank you.
and as long as you're using that word consumer in the public discussion, you will be degrading the quality of the discussion we're having.
oh, thank you very much.
because if you could find those, those would be some of the signals that could drive learning.
if we're going to look for these stealth black holes at the center of galaxies, the best place to look is in our own galaxy, our milky way.
and it has also to do with an interest in the vast kind of territory that architecture touches.
so the elders gave me some very sound and profound advice.
if you'll recall, prior to that time, no matter what ailed you, you went to see the barber surgeon who wound up cupping you, bleeding you, purging you.
with my own healthcare problems, i've taken drug therapies, i've traveled to this hospital and others, many, many times.
it's a very strange world inside a nanotube.
now it's really hard to grasp the scale of these places, because as the glaciers -- one of the things is that places like alaska and greenland are huge, they're not normal landscapes -- but as the glaciers are retreating, they're also deflating, like air is being let out of a balloon.
and in about half an hour, we got five samples, five individual sharks, were sampled using simon's shark slime sampling system.
brian cox why we need the explorers
and so we're trying to disseminate information about the importance of the canopy, the beauty of the canopy, the necessity of intact canopies, to people outside of academia.
but media provides us with a window back into the world that we live in.
and the distribution of japanese is totally different, where we see a group of intermediate sounds, which is known as the japanese r.
now, you notice he's sitting.
they could have afforded to purchase these things, but they didn't.
yes, everyone in the room.
it's home to an unknown number of people -- some say between 250,000 and 1.2 million.
we all began in the awash valley in ethiopia.
that's another great idea.
and the same -- well, if we could do that we'd automatically have an energy supply, because the transmutation would be a fusion reactor -- and evidence?
and in return, we just tried to kill them all the time.
so that's where this field comes in that we call the field of regenerative medicine.
would you eat this?
but here's another video that shows some of our challenges.
also, food, the way i look at food has changed, because now i can display the food on a plate, so i can eat my favorite song.
he took some money; we'll take his money. that'll teach him.
and i was taught some strange thing as a kid, like, you've got to make something good out of something bad.
so, utilizing all of these ways to inspire individual action.
a then unknown philosopher named adam smith wrote a book in 1759 called the theory of moral sentiments.
whatever it is, i hope you take these things out every chance you get and grace us with your energy and your joy.
so this whole world, the nano world, this area in here is called the nano world, and the nano world, the whole micro world that we see, there's a nano world that is wrapped up within that, and the whole -- and that is the world of molecules and atoms.
one is computation; this is the stuff you've forgotten.
4shbab was set up as an alternative to existing arab music channels.
we go to craig and we check in to a hotel and i realize the next day that castration is going to be an absolute part of this work.
and we're really becoming very close to understanding the key steps that makes dead stuff come alive.
and for him, it's only his second.
and this light can be used to transmit wireless data that these things use to communicate with each other.
sometimes, you get disease organisms that don't rely on host mobility at all for transmission.
i've been in bosnian refugee camps.
think you i could cease to care?
that was pacific palisades; it probably is still there, back there.
it can predict complex negotiations or situations involving coercion -- that is in essence everything that has to do with politics, much of what has to do with business, but sorry, if you're looking to speculate in the stock market, i don't predict stock markets -- ok, it's not going up any time really soon.
these are a species that we need to join with.
but that's the price of having a civilization.
so i decided to go back to strictly doing science and leave the communication to others.
we might not even know what this protein is, but we can see it's a marker for the response to the disease.
so i looked carefully at this guy.
architecture,art,beauty,math,physics,universe
httpwww.ted.comtalkseveensleronhappinessinbodyandsoul.html
so basically, the number of pages that mention this term, that also mention this page, the percentage of those pages is that person's google share of that term.
i've still one and a half to go.
the criminologist manuel eisner scoured all of the historical records across europe for homicide rates in any village, hamlet, town, county that he could find, and he supplemented them with national data, when nations started keeping statistics.
and in these cavities, these micro-cavities form, and as they fuse soils, they absorb water.
you think that. it's not true, of course, but that's the media impression, and that's like what you get.
and so, anyway, here i am. it's not a fairy tale.
this has been replicated over and over and over again, for nearly 40 years.
and we take it for granted now, that each of these machines has billions of transistors, doing billions of cycles per second without failing.
working on projects that actually have visible impacts, like a book for a deceased german artist whose widow came to us with the requirement to make her late husband famous.
so i spent a long time.
and one of my favorite robots is leonardo.
they are gay men on the party scene who have, on average, three times more partners than straight people on the party scene.
then it's going to show inside.
if you give people power without oversight, it's a prescription for abuse. they knew that, and let that happen.
then, you see, it is a message of hope.
soy, parsley, garlic, grapes, berries; i could go home and cook a tasty meal using these ingredients.
so the human touch, you see, it's disappearing.
sylvia browne -- thank you -- sylvia browne is the big operator in this field at this very moment.
we changed completely our strategy.
designing.
an aluminum factory in czechoslovakia was filled with carcinogenic smoke and dust, and four out of five workers came down with cancer.
but there are many wonders back in there, like this weird fungus on some of the collapsed timbers.
it's called odonil.
the great rabbi meir said that any interpretation of scripture which led to hatred and disdain, or contempt of other people -- any people whatsoever -- was illegitimate.
and india was up to 89 years more of foreign domination.
you saw one reference to that in what we were able to do with aids drugs.
that's my wish.
it's three times hotter than mercury, which is right next to the sun. now, briefly, here's an image you've seen, as one of the only old images, but i show it because i want to briefly give you csi climate.
the design process was really tough, almost like a struggle for survival, but gradually an idea evolved this sort of idea of a rational tower that melts together with the surrounding city, sort of expanding the public space onto what we refer to as a scandinavian version of the spanish steps in rome, but sort of public on the outside, as well as on the inside, with the library.
i thought you were going to throw me out of the family.
here are three questions drawn from my work.
and i said, great.
well one of them is, they say, you need to get the basics first.
so in a way, we had taken a pre-existing need and shown solutions.
and it starts in the ventral tegmental area.
and i started living down there on the beach for a long time.
it is trillions, it's not billions.
so i think this audience in particular can understand the importance of individuality.
maybe it's important -- nine of diamonds, ok.
but we don't consider the alligator very intelligent, not like in a human sort of way.
the data shows this very clearly.
chinese to portuguese aquecer-se global.
they must not remain anonymous.
i call it snack time.
because i did all these simple things that led to ideas.
so that wasn't going to work.
and everyone will keep burning it because it's so cheap, until governments make it expensive.
stanley mcchrystal listen, learn ... then lead
you believe that when you have these new technologies and people who are ready to use this, it can make it much more difficult for the governments to lie, it's going to be more difficult for them to steal and probably even going to be more difficult for them to kill.
maybe we take a vote -- we crowdsource.
mind training is based on the idea that two opposite mental factors cannot happen at the same time.
and understand how they help us re-perceive what organized philanthropy is.
but it's almost as if the body has originated this ingenious response, but can't quite control it.
i guess one could reduce the idea further by suggesting that the new emerges behind and through the old, like this.
204
ca i guess, i don't think there is like a one-minute other piece you guys can do?
each one of those is a year.
of course what we did when faced with such outrageous hyperbole ...
so what happened was, the people who happened to be in the right place at the right time -- the people who happened to be leading the gang in the mid- to late '80s -- became very, very wealthy.
and you see that when you distort a map based on attention, the world within american television news is basically reduced to this giant bloated u.s.
you will go to a her2 amplified clinic, or an egfr activated clinic, and they will go to some of the pathogenic lesions that were involved in causing this individual cancer.
but you'd be surprised, they don't do the photographs. it's just the text.
looked first to the courts and the legislatures to try to get them to do something to make the system make more sense.
subsequent to that, after it's been going for about a year now, they actually started to lease and create and extend.
if we wanted to make a square of size 10, 100 or 1,000, if we used dna origami alone, we would require a number of dna strands that's the square of the size of that square; so we'd need 100, 10,000 or a million dna strands.
and of course, there's hope. one is this amazing human brain.
no, this theory comes from an expert on barnacles and worms and pigeon breeding, and you know who i mean charles darwin.
and we looked at it together.
but that's okay.
and there's even supernormal stimuli for cuteness. heres a pretty good example.
and my final question was always the same.
we looked at cost.
this is ferran adria. many people think he is right now the best chef in the world with his restaurant north of barcelona, el bulli.
if we are to shift paradigms, if we are to make breakthroughs, if we are to destroy myths, we need to create an environment in which expert ideas are battling it out, in which we're bringing in new, diverse, discordant, heretical views into the discussion, fearlessly, in the knowledge that progress comes about, not only from the creation of ideas, but also from their destruction -- and also from the knowledge that, by surrounding ourselves by divergent, discordant, heretical views.
aristotle said, we should seek only so much precision in each subject as that subject allows.
a fellow by the name of matthew harris at the university of wisconsin in madison actually figured out a way to stimulate the gene for teeth, and so was able to actually turn the tooth gene on and produce teeth in chickens.
and it is, for me, a language which expressed the intangible, and gives voice to people and stories without.
he described this expedition as 10 times as dangerous as everest.
development,education,medicine,presentation,science,technology
so what's a good definition for cyborg?
human universal -- so you spend money on other people, you're being nice to them.
it's one of the cells that seems to be atrophied in disorders like schizophrenia.
1109
this one was actually around the playing cards i got yesterday, but it had a certain familiarity to it.
and you see the countries on the right, like norway and the usa, are twice as rich as israel, greece, portugal on the left.
this was the advertisement that they ran in 1917.
but if we're just cutting that footprint from the whole thing and trying to analyze it, you will miss the point because the actual journey happens between those footprints, and the footprints are nothing but passing time.
and these include a sense of shared responsibility, common norms that bind people together as a community.
well, one of the things that is really critical to try to distill from that experience is that in addition to that, people ask me and say, well, how did your parents treat you when you were a child?
david byrne sings  flowers
are you able to say in a sentence or two how this type of thinking could integrate at some point to things like string theory or the kind of things that people think of as the fundamental explanations of the universe?
and so you have this record and, you know, this is my great-great-grandmother.
what if they had patented pop-up menus, scrollbars, the desktop with icons that look like folders and sheets of paper?
we test it by prediction. what is the next word in this, you know?
media and advertising companies still use the same old demographics to understand audiences, but they're becoming increasingly harder to track online, says media researcher johanna blakley. as social media outgrows traditional media, and women users outnumber men, blakley explains what changes are in store for the future of media.
and that's the crux of it.
these disorders -- schizophrenia, alzheimer's, depression, addiction -- they not only steal our time to live, they change who we are.
but the general idea is that they all fit into this knowledge map.
i did that to the map. i just did that
and the consequences that this is having is that it's affecting the political climate across europe.
and they came together to help find the problem and fix it.
i didn't heed it; no, i organized it and i directed it.
and he says, osha? ocean.
to give you a feeling for the scale of the retreat, we did another cheesy illustration, with british double-decker buses.
so we have all these things inside the reserve that grow, and what do they do?
you could give an entire talk about the creatures that live in the mid-water.
the trick here is my brother would become an experimental poet, not a businessman, but the intention was really good.
and the third one is, who are you leading?
this is a dionaea, a venus fly trap hunting snails -- sorry for the snail.
does your work relate to his?
so i'm going to briefly discuss a couple of problems that we have and a couple of problems where we've got some solutions underway.
so can we have that second?
so a gigaparsec is three billion light years -- that's the scale.
and we could take a very simple view and say, well, it is that which we lose when we fall into deep sleep without dreams, or when we go under anesthesia, and it is what we regain when we recover from sleep or from anesthesia.
and there are chambers carved in the rock -- concrete walls, stone, the natural rock when possible -- with the light shafts.
where are these things happening in the brain?
why on earth? and if you haven't read jared diamond's book, collapse, i totally recommend that you do.
on the right there is another robot doll, who you could get a couple of years ago.
he said, well, easy, this is district eight.
and we got more productive because we didn't have to exchange floppy disks; we could update each other more often.
and here it is. here is the nose of the bear.
what's that time worth?
pain and more pain -- where are you going with my love?
so we say the universe is expanding.
this is a jazz band.
so we are so lucky that we have resources like the internet, where we can circumvent these institutions from the bottom up.
there are some ideas in computer science and in artificial intelligence as to how this might be done, but we still haven't solved a single example of how intelligent behavior springs from the physical interactions in living matter.
but i want to talk about a different aspect of dna science, and that is the physical nature of dna.
incredible. this is the most extraordinary migration of any bird of prey. a quite incredible migration.
so the way the apollonian personality takes a picture, or hangs a picture, is they'll get out a transit and a laser level and a micrometer.
i was working, i was going everyday to work for the homeless.
and this was somebody who had incredible potential to spread aspects of our message, whether it be with regards to wildlife conservation or health prevention.
indeed, they sell books about potluck dinners.
and the biomass -- this is the most spectacular change -- 4.5 times greater biomass on average, just after five to seven years.
this happened to them.
i took the three elements -- stomach, small intestine and colon.
you heard about riots all across the land.
and then you see, these are some of the meals that i've been fed on the planes.
each of them shows that it is possible to build on and nurture character and keep a profession true to its proper mission -- what aristotle would have called its proper telos.
you decide when you want to be distracted by the tv.
when you have a conversation like this, the kid has to come up with the next thing to say to be responsible for what he started.
that's good.
these cells, called glial cells, were once thought to be unimportant structural elements of the spinal cord that did nothing more than hold all the important things together, like the nerves.
i saw there was money in garbage.
so we actually grew our consciousness in response to this global threat.
theyre back in philadelphia.
that accounts for the same phenomena as the original myth.
now that, i suggest, is the view that comes out of taking memetics seriously.
ghana felt safe to me as a child.
this is the top carnivore, the t-rex of its time.
i think that's there in all cultures, right?
daniel dennett, he's come over.
so, it's a fundamental problem.
and i, one day, i announced this to my parents -- and my father denies this story to this day -- i said, daddy, i want to be a diplomat.
now, the good news is that the person who said it was ann coulter.
was there a vision you had? what is it that drove you?
but i didn't have to cut any of them really, because i just lined up their jaws and it turned out the biggest one had 12 teeth and the next smallest one had 13 and the next smallest had 14.
public accountability needs to be promoted through transparency and independent review by nongovernmental and international organizations as appropriate.
i'm watching who's watching me.
well, agriculture in america's very interesting.
the second issue your country could be under cyberattack with entire regions plunged into total darkness, and you may not even know who's attacking you.
and then you can see the inside of the heart.
to go back to architecture, what's organic about architecture as a field, unlike product design, is this whole issue of holism and of monumentality is really our realm.
art can go through where other things can't.
the old women in my father's village, after this war had happened, memorized the names of every dead person, and they would sing these dirges, made up of these names.
how often do you think i have that day?
people think they're sort of lowbrows.
and like this magnificent origami, cells are developing at one million cells per second at four weeks, as it's just folding on itself.
so the solutions are just fixing these three issues.
but i hadn't asked that, and then she went off on a tear, and she said, oh, well, there was that one time that i was an actress.
this was something more than that. he ignored it.
how is the brain able to do this?
recorded voice tick, tick, tick.
so we aborted using motion capture.
it went up to about 16,000 posts, and now it has been taken off.
instead, i have progressed, and i am, today, launching a brand new analog teaching technology that i picked up from ikea this box.
camel seeking camel.
why should you be doing that? you should just do that once, and it should know who all your friends are.
and this is made with chickpeas, dried milk and a host of vitamins, matched to exactly what the brain needs.
we feel it at concerts.
but it's also worth noting that cells also mediate our experience of life.
we could tell every single human being out there, if we really wanted to.
here's a paper which you could unclear -- designed by a mathematician at harvard in 1928, arthur stone, documented by martin gardner in many of his many books.
what is this?
name -- anyone, name, please, any suit.
and he was like, my god, what kind of a life form is that?
ag okay,there's his fifth hypothesis.
do you really want to elect a president whose genome suggests cardiomyopathy?
and a team rarely can do it.
so that's all i have to say. thank you very much.
so we've tackled that problem, and we've come up with a solution, which we'll see in a second.
the ability to make and test models has become essential, not only to every single area of science today, but also to modern society itself.
11-year-old birke baehr presents his take on a major source of our food -- far-away and less-than-picturesque industrial farms. keeping farms out of sight promotes a rosy, unreal picture of big-box agriculture, he argues, as he outlines the case to green and localize food production.
they realized that this was a common cause that they had found with the conservation community.
we're not dead. we're fine. we're fine.
they are the poorest of the poor.
and when it's in their world, they can relate to it and play with it in a way that's fundamentally different from how they play with it on the screen.
and with knowing comes caring.
all right, this is a slide from a talk i gave about intensive care units in nigeria, and jokingly we refer to it as expensive scare.
this time it's called the facebook.
and you can say, well how do you know they're happy?
then the question is, how do you make that change happen?
when homer simpson needs to imagine the most remote possible moment of not just the clock, but the whole freaking calendar, he comes up with 0400 on the birthday of the baby jesus.
or, as geoffrey moore once told me, it's intellectual curiosity that's the trade that brands need in the age of the blogosphere.
you burn it, you release co2.
but the insects aren't stupid, and they would avoid the spores when they came close, and so i morphed the cultures into a non-sporulating form.
we need that kind of moral leadership and courage in our worlds.
his pediatrician happens to have a background in clinical genetics and he has no idea what's going on, but he says, let's get this kid's genome sequenced.
nothing is ever said about a 14 year-old bootblack in the streets of london who died of consumption.
well, how many words do i get this time? i think, well, you get two.
and i said, yes, i have a job. i write and illustrate children's books.
how come you don't give him this?
i'm going to talk about a technology that we're developing at oxford now, that we think is going to change the way that computer games and hollywood movies are being made.
but i tell you what. it doesn't work for me to go on with this thing, with such a wide gulf between those who understand, love and are passionate about classical music, and those who have no relationship to it at all.
no i'm kidding -- we don't -- i thought it best to talk in pictures.
feministing has been able to get merchandise pulled off the shelves of walmart.
and you're very careful how you put the straps, particularly the leg straps because they go between your legs.
so, perspective is everything and, because of the history that i've just briefly talked to you about, i have learned to think about earth as an extraterrestrial planet.
we started off with an experiment in hyderabad, india, where i gave a group of children -- they spoke english with a very strong telugu accent.
this is by a local ghanaian entrepreneur, using his own capital.
and one thing i've learned in boston is that you people will do anything for cancer -- and i love that.
we have no idea really as to how it's achieving that movement.
this is lake baikal.
you cut down that tree, the rain forest collapses as an ecosystem.
but it's a hard process to do because, as you know, the middle of a star is quite hot, almost by definition.
there's one other magic trick you need to make this all happen, and that's the ability to get light into the brain.
in every case, these are dynamic, living peoples being driven out of existence by identifiable forces.
and i saw, aha, that's the kidney and the soleus muscle.
so the first thing that we learn is that it is possible to define life in terms of processes alone, without referring at all to the type of things that we hold dear, as far as the type of life on earth is.
the first one was reaching the pole itself.
359
and what they find is a single-point mutation in a gene responsible for controlling programmed cell death.
so i'd just like to end by saying, you can really view this as a call to action.
they have no side effects, or if they do, they're imaginary, so you can safely ignore them.
we drove to the goodwill and we threw the sweater away somewhat ceremoniously, my idea being that i would never have to think about the sweater nor see it ever again.
this actually forms a large part of our decision-making process.
but this glacier caved into the water and a seal got on it.
so i went to look at what was happening in our educational system.
it's filled with this toxic gas, hydrogen sulfide.
this is an image from saturday, photographed by the aqua satellite, but through the uniview software.
you do not know what the end result is.
and this gets shown in art galleries like this, as a sequence.
we have to turn around and come back again.
it's the information that we most need from pharmaceutical companies, the information on how these early prototype drugs might work.
now, this is a profound biological effect.
and so he suggested a machine, and he called it the memex.
1568
and because i wanted to impress you all with slides, since i saw the great presentations yesterday with graphs, i made a graph that moves, and i talk about the makeup of me.
that's a sea sponge that has a fiber optic.
as you probably know, the neurotransmitter associated with learning is called dopamine.
he's both a very well known american geek, but he's also kenyan; he was born in sudan, grew up in kenya.
the resources are mindshare and the tools, the raw materials are these game dynamics.
there is a very important issue here, which is that because it's a printer, a color printer, it prints colors. that's what color printers do.
so they asked them at the beginning, do you think you'll actually be able to stick with this program?
excuse me? no, not in my life.
httpwww.ted.comtalkskateorffoystersasarchitecture.html
let's get off our fannies, roll up our sleeves and get to work, passionately, in creating an almost perfect world.
and on up to greenland.
there was a whole system written in software to articulate the tongue.
so actually most of the 11 we have are tied up in the mid-east.
so what we wanted to do was produce this effect, this lighting effect, which made us have to bioengineer the wood walls.
and if we remember sheikh yamani when he formed opec, they asked him, when will we see the end of the age of oil?
a group of men march through the streets cutting themselves with knives.
that's the first one. the fourth one you'll like better.
this is what it looks like under my desk.
and my feeling is -- thank you.
she was walking to work one day in april, 1992, in a miniskirt and high heels. she worked in a bank.
everything you'll see here, except the car, is origami.
these one or two story structures, designed to yield only enough income to cover the taxes on the land on which they stand, were not meant to be permanent buildings.
let's see if i can find it. for anyone who is -- gets motion sickness, i apologize.
every three seconds one person dies.
these red are the countries that doesn't do it, and the policy has to be improved.
but there's a unity of some sort that's starting to emerge.
luckily, those patents did not exist everywhere.
he draws sticks real good.
and i go, no. why does that sense of mystery, that sense of the dizzying scale of the universe, need to be accompanied by a mystical feeling?
it's wonderful to be back.
but if you think about all of the skills and talent that are in this room right now, that's what a senior home has.
they're all working next to each other. it's all a creative endeavor.
httpwww.ted.comtalksmartinreesasksisthisourfinalcentury.html
a real gun at a few feet's distance.
we've just opened the door, and it's for all of you to step through it.
they don't wear shoes.
and now, if you see, it's more about the cost-effectiveness this system costs you 300 compared to the 20,000 surface tables, or anything like that.
seven million ship cargo containers come into the united states every year.
it's the seat of government.
this is for michael eisner -- disney.
and they travel out into the cosmos at the speed of light.
so given all of that and given how darn neurotic i am, how do i get any sleep at all?
so this is the next step from there to here, and this is getting commercialized today.
and tate asked fildes to paint a painting of social importance.
and if the person doing it, whether it's the mother or grandmother, whoever's doing it, that is when the education process begins.
now, not all of us have meadows, or lawns that we can convert, and so you can always, of course, grow a meadow in a pot.
now, stage one, you'll notice, says, in effect, life sucks.
man so, shreddies is actually producing a new product, which is something very exciting for them.
she came to my country and saw the importance of education.
you see 4,000 representative species, and you can see where we are.
we know that heather, his sister heather, 14 years old, is turning tricks up here to support her drug habit.
so i'm going to show you now, without the skin on it, a 30-second piece, and then i'm done.
rob reid the 8 billion ipod
the chalk itself's composed by plankton which has fallen down from the sea surface onto the sea floor, so that 90 percent of the sediment here is skeleton of living stuff, and then you have that millimeter-thick red layer, and then you have black rock.
and i think that's one of the commonalities between modernism and traditional design. i think it may be a real common ground as we kind of figure out what on earth to do in the next 20 or 30 years.
i'm about providing the means to build something that will grow and intensify its original investment and not just require greater giving next year -- i'm not trying to feed the habit.
so real-time peer review.
httpwww.ted.comtalksmechaiviravaidyahowmrcondommadethailandabetterplace.html
we tended towards longer-term things and also things that people can reuse and make into new movies, which has just been great fun.
and he figured that this would drive up the dopamine, and she would fall in love with him.
that genome data can now be found on open-access genetic data banks around the world, and it's an enormous boon to researchers trying to come up with treatments.
and i am there with the three million in the streets of port-au-prince.
could we understand the basis of cellular life at the genetic level?
and is there a risk that the kind of the business heroes of the west get so excited about -- i mean, they're used to having an idea, getting stuff done, and they believe profoundly in their ability to make a difference in the world.
this is what he said at ted in february.
this was a different record. this was a pure o2 static apnea record that guinness had set the world record at 13 minutes.
i gave him what i thought was a brilliant explanation of the political situation and explained how hard and difficult the war will be.
the reason for that is that many people say you have to get rich first before you get few babies.
so what might look like a problem within islamic faith might turn out to be a tradition that muslims have subscribed to.
by 1970, we were down to 18 countries.
it's got the same diversity you find actually in a pig brain, where you have 100 billion neurons.
but we have to integrate that into our own future.
you can tickle the rug.
cognitive science,economics,medical research,science,technology
living amongst our tunas -- our north american tunas -- are european tunas that go back to the med.
httpwww.ted.comtalksthomasdolbyandrachellegarniez.html
and i kind of went overboard on the week after the project was over.
in 2009, there were 500 bomb blasts across pakistan.
and they've put it deep down in an iron mine in minnesota, ok, deep under the ground, and in fact, in the last couple of days announced the most sensitive results so far.
i think it comes from millions of years of holding that baby in front of your face, cajoling it, reprimanding it, educating it with words.
but they are falling only slowly, because in botswana, with good economy and governance, they can manage to treat people.
it's based on norse legend.
i wasn't sure where to go with this. i invented cheeto paint.
i'm also interested in working with unusual materials and common materials in unusual ways.
they actually did so through a centralized headquarters out of illinois, right?
and what i'd like to talk to you today about, a little bit, is really transforming the relationship, or the interplay, between humans and oceans with a new capability that is not at all routine yet.
so my first topic with respect to this, was not death, but obesity.
and he will, or she will, calculate the optimal design of the nozzle.
to perseverate means to focus obsessively and repeatedly on the exact same thing.
nobody's obliged to be a genius.
id studied environment at this formal level, but there was this informal level.
it's amazing that 413 lbs were lost just from the extra exercise.
i can wear it around.
there was one person in the group that was supposed to have very high performance that was actually performing terribly.
and if you're lucky, they'll tell their friends on the rest of the curve, and it'll spread.
there's no roads into the sahara. it's an enormous place.
no big deal.
if this does not blow your mind, then you have no emotion.
in order to write the book, i asked my sister questions. i wanted to know who my father was, who was the father she had known.
every single thing i planned to say, they have said it here, and it looks and sounds like i have nothing else to say.
but god -- my god -- doesn't show up on sprinkler images.
it starts off with much smaller differences in earnings before tax.
but they failed, almost completely, to make any.
and those are frozen solid, and they're shipped to seattle.
we're the saddest place on earth, relative to gdp per capita -- the saddest place on earth.
it can change the way you communicate with others, it can change your body, it can change your mind. so, we're trying to go to the next step of how you build on top of something like guitar hero.
that was it.
this is the last picture that i want to -- now we've got to use the laser pointer.
me too.
i have the good fortune of being a filmmaker-in-residence at the center of digital imaging arts at boston university.
but i was exhausted and dog-bitten, and so i said, no.
i know a gentleman, married for 25 years, who's longing to hear his wife say, thank you for being the breadwinner, so i can stay home with the kids, but won't ask.
there's a just-unbelievable diversity.
they have very few genes, and genetic information to encode all of the traits that they carry out.
a lot of her research goes on in caves, which can get pretty dusty.
when they saw me, they said, we want a faster processor and a better mouse.
spiders use silk for many purposes, including the trailing safety dragline, wrapping eggs for reproduction, protective retreats and catching prey.
well, i happened to have been very quick that day, and i said, yeah, but a lot less baloney.
the pharaoh got wind of this -- this is true, right off the internet.
my approach to attacking creationism is unlike the evolution lobby.
i'm not sure if i can show you what tolerance looks like, but i can show you what compassion looks like -- because it is visible.
in the last three years, i've traveled to 45 different countries, working with schools and companies in the midst of an economic downturn.
then after we harvest a coral, we measure this ratio, and now you can see, those curves match perfectly.
is that a responsible thing to do? etc., etc.
so one of the things -- both sergey and i went to a montessori school, and i think, for some reason, this has been incorporated in google.
and i started watching kaki king a lot, and she would always cite preston reed as a big influence, so then i started watching his videos, and it's very surreal right now to be -- ca was that piece just now, that was one of his songs that you learned, or how did that happen?
landscape ecology concerns itself with how the stream and the meadow and the forest and the cliffs make habitats for plants and animals.
a meringue is made exactly the same way, in my estimation, as a bone.
and i'll pick two-thirds of 50. that's 33. that's a start.
and that copernican revolution continues today to influence science and philosophy and technology and theology.
and these drugs are going generic.
and of course there're multiple displays, to get the information to the diver.
more complex structures such as blood vessels, urethras, which i showed you, they're definitely more complex because you're introducing two different cell types.
now sure, progress in china and india and poverty reduction there was key to that, but recently also in africa, poverty rates are being reduced.
now, not only was i instrumental in helping apple miss the internet, but a couple of years later, i helped bill gates do the same thing.
these extraordinary things, icelandic internet accounts.
they followed these little shifts in your mental activity.
the other thing i want to urge you to do is take an interest in the individual.
and norbert rosing, a german photographer, is there on scene, making a series of photos of these huskies, who are tethered.
and just as these groups embrace the green energy challenge -- and it's really been amazing to me to watch how much brain power, how much money and how much serious thought has, really over the last three years, just poured into the green energy field.
but -- actually, we have a lot to learn from them, because they're a very egalitarian society and they're a very empathetic society.
what does it look like if that's not the case? and how can we embrace that and actually come up with something that was actually more likely to sustain everybody?
and then it also extracts movement.
so, i wanted to show 2.3 million prison uniforms, and in the actual print of this piece, each uniform is the size of a nickel on its edge.
and it was very peculiar, because it was dark out, but she was back-lit with florescent lighting, and she was very much onstage, and i couldn't figure out why she was doing it.
i used a little tweezer which i made from a hair clip.
hammer it together. hammer it together with a shoe, if you're me, because they're impossible to assemble.
because you still have 80 percent of the traffic.
well, that's what juggling is about, right?
if you pick your kid up more than 10 minutes late, we're going to add a 10 shekel fine to your bill.
but the thing i want you to think about when we think about conservatives -- not so much this issue of the 1980 convention -- the thing to think about is this they go to church.
alisa miller, head of public radio international, talks about why -- though we want to know more about the world than ever -- the us media is actually showing less. eye-opening stats and graphs.
now all of these outbreaks that i just showed you, these are under control now, and it looks like they'll probably stop very, very quickly.
and he became interested in that.
now when the treasure sank in 2000, it was the height of the best breeding season scientists had ever recorded for the african penguin -- which at the time, was listed as a threatened species.
and they're incredible guys.
steve truglia a leap from the edge of space
and it describes the same effortless, spontaneous feeling that you get when you enter into this ecstatic state.
so, yeah, so this is again difficult.
now, much of the pollen will still be there after repeated washings.
and the whole room filled with smoke in about two seconds.
way back machine. and i said to myself, oh yeah
now, why is that a good thing to do?
it was a naive thought in many people's minds, and it's true, it was just a t-shirt slogan that worked for the moment. but look.
my own law firm has a list of questions that i'm not allowed to ask when interviewing candidates, such as the sinister question, bulging with hidden motives and innuendo, where are you from?
now also with this phase, we're getting more and more god-like powers for the player, and you can kind of experiment with this planet again as a toy.
for instance, this one.
because i believe that the hand in all its primitive, in all its physiological obscurity, has a source, though the source is unknown, though we don't have to be mystical about it.
a lot of urban areas have been converted into parking lots in a sort of indiscriminate use.
that's enough right there to start to build a compelling chronicle of what's now happening to our planet, but we could do more.
but when you look at that, you have to remember that this machine did not do any physical trials on how to move forward, nor did it have a model of itself.
and just the sales of the products -- this is a non-profit -- the sales of these products is now .6 of the gdp of kenya.
but before i finished, the chief of the barbarians stood up and said, 'but wait, you haven't told us about the greatest ruler of them all.
so, affordances are the qualities of an object that allow us to perform an action with it.
httpwww.ted.comtalksrorybremnersonemanworldsummit.html
it's hard to do high-rise.
now, if i were to go into the same crowd and say, i want to lecture you about justice and injustice, they would say, thank you very much, we have other things to do.
and finally a girl explaining in marathi what it is, and said, there's a processor inside.
we're going to win because we don't have an agenda.
i sat down and i thought, what is going on?
now i come from a very data-centric reality, so we don't want that teacher to even go and intervene and have to ask the kid awkward questions oh, what do you not understand? or what do you do understand?
and you should have all the networks of all the relationships between those pieces of data.
is there some driving force through evolution that allows matter to compete?
this cannot be.
so here it is, a crowd-sourced, six-word summary of a thousand tedtalks at the value of 99.50 why the worry? i'd rather wonder.
and i remember putting my blocks in and just feeling horrified because there was just this murmur coming over the crowd, like, the ones who are close enough to the starting line to see.
is that a concern?
... don't you feel?
culture,film,library,personal growth,short talk,storytelling
let's say you're unilever and you want to make detergent in a factory near liverpool.
my belief is that this will help us to build a more integrated world with more partners and fewer terrorists, with more productive citizens and fewer haters, a place we'd all want our kids and our grandchildren to grow up in.
so i had 50 overall summaries done.
i was coming back to visit her.
they have a tremendous capacity for holding on to nutrients and water.
now, 20 percent, well, that's a fairly huge figure, you might think, but you've still got 80 percent left of the problem, right?
she did cats and phantom of the opera.
so i thought, well let's just give it a try.
the one after that, i stood on top of a hundred foot pillar for 36 hours.
computers,design,interface design,invention,technology,visualizations
and you see surfers, people who see this happening, and in some sense build it into a supply chain, which is a very curious one. right?
well three sons got into a negotiation.
everyone can be wrong.
so, again, we sort of co-opt our environment to do all these different things.
and at a million dollars each, that would be about 12 billion dollars.
they have resources, and if we can add the will, the commitment, they know how to deliver that product.
but what's unusual about the costa rica dome is, in fact, it's not a permanent place.
the policy and the economics and the technology are serious enough issues, but we actually can deal with them.
they're not necessarily the top-10 technologies out there -- they're just examples of technologies that are in each one of these periods.
but i should really talk stage five, right? life is great.
this whole notion of every man for himself is completely unsustainable.
brown. thank you.
we're normal, we're normal, we're normal, we're normal, we're normal.
you might say, well, maybe the monkeys just don't like risk.
i loved the attention.
927
climate change,news,science
and he ended up writing about a story that even surprised me -- hip hop -- that there are young yemeni men who express themselves through dancing and puchu puchu.
that is not boring. that is nothing if it's not boring.
how much does it cost?
and one piece of engineering that i want to leave you with as regards this telescope is the mirror.
but shouldn't we just check first that the economic system that we have is remotely capable of delivering this kind of improvement?
httpwww.ted.comtalksvijaykumarrobotsthatflyandcooperate.html
but, in fact, of course, the story is it's the 70 percent, including the major e-commerce site -- 70 percent of a critical application on which web-based communications and applications work is produced in this form, in direct competition with microsoft. not in a side issue -- in a central strategic decision to try to capture a component of the net.
we said if we take the top hundred companies, what percentage of all 15 commodities do they touch, buy or sell?
repetition creates pattern.
if you agree with that sentiment, and if you agree that we need a critical mass of informed citizenry, you will realize that i need you.
and with current reactor technology we really don't have very much uranium.
so the first thing as i show you in the video is that we may be able to control the trajectory of a sailing boat better, or we may be able to never be in irons, so never facing the wind, we always can catch the wind from both sides.
you can be safe because when you're hit, you survive, or you can be safe because you avoid accidents.
well, if you think about that, you do, in fact, get a two-by-two.
now these chimpanzees are using tools, and we take that as a sign of their intelligence.
and then eventually we realize it's getting annoying to talk about the skier in the lower left-hand side of the screen or the skier just above the mid line.
i still remember every single detail of that photo.
and there was socio-economic problems, which are now being solved at a much better scale.
they're poets, they're philosophers, they're photographers, they're filmmakers.
i then wondered, well, maybe theyre just changing their psa, but its not really affecting the tumor growth.
but now, in our third acts, it may be possible for us to circle back to where we started and know it for the first time.
and in tunisia, censorship actually began to return in may -- not nearly as extensively as under president ben ali.
so i was cartooning live on a wide screen -- it was quite a sensation -- and then this guy came to me.
and makeup is an additive process. you have to build the face up.
so there is no neuron in my brain that is the same as another, and there is no neuron in my brain that is the same as in yours.
transitional is completely different.
the things you see can be very complicated indeed.
and he said to the guy, why have you put stuff on the back that no one will ever see?
boom. no ifs, ands or buts.
and he says, i want my cheese sandwich.
it's also good news, because the planetary risks we're facing are so large, that business as usual is not an option.
my sister fell very ill with malaria.
one night, she had a dream.
and then -- we had to film this several times to believe this -- it also does this. watch this.
there's so little applied now to actually improving the way we interact with interfaces from this point on.
and it actually causes your car to charge safely and efficiently.
i got up this morning at 610 a.m.
we have a very high-speed camera, which we had lots of fun with on the book.
and when the local senator gets on the scale in public and says he's got to lose weight, so do i
it shortens the lives of the people who live there in the gulf.
and the beauty of the second cure for this disease was that it could be used on infants and one-year-olds.
well, first, before i even tell you the cost i've got to be absolutely clear.
the right hand is the one we write with, apart from the left-handers.
bruno bowden folds while rufus cappadocia plays
so this is ben 80.
her making her way down the littered vestibule stairs, one agonized step at a time.
now, we had released, early in the year, a cable from the reykjavik u.s. embassy, but this is not necessarily connected.
and she responded with, i'm here.
where do we go from here?
dh and turn up the intensity; we're still pink in the middle.
so, the next time they tell you they're on to something, clearly they're not.
the most exciting is the harlem children's zone, which over 10 years, led by geoffrey canada, has, through a mixture of schooling and family and community projects, attempted to transform not just education in schools, but the entire culture and aspiration of about 10,000 families in harlem.
you just gotta carry this thing around.
now it's doing wall-following, it's following around my feet to clean up around me. let's see, let's -- oh, who stole my rice krispies? they stole my rice krispies
for instance, right now, three-quarters of the energy that we use is actually used to feed the technium itself.
it's an interesting fact.
based on everything we know about the mushroom bodies, this makes perfect sense.
httpwww.ted.comtalkschrisandersonshareshisvisionforted.html
and as i said, in sort of about 10 seconds we should start to see ...
some swedes very kindly classified a lot of their infant deaths according to the british register of general socioeconomic classification.
and they need to have access to all of the trial data.
everybody knows that your various appliances have wattage, right?
and so he gave me the time to code it up.
and as we become more of a global company, we find these things really affect us -- you know, can we work effectively with people who aren't in the room?
and of course consider images that can be sensory patterns, visual, such as you're having right now in relation to the stage and me, or auditory images, as you are having now in relation to my words.
but without training, without some kind of light meter, how would you know?
each one has his story.
it's got no destination in mind -- it's just enjoying the journey.
but here's what we can say what's natural in the last thousand years is that the planet was cooling down.
i thought i had better change.
now i don't know if this is the devil or the angel sitting on our conscience, sitting on television's shoulders, but i do know that i absolutely love this image.
anyone?
and in the summer of 2009, we invited dozens of blind youth from all over the country and gave them a chance to take it for a spin.
but instead, people go down, and after they recover, they go up again.
and so if you think about what that means, it means a lot more than just building a cool website.
so let me start with this.
and we have to make sure that they are ready to be the majority.
he'll sign his name on every line, he'll check all the boxes, he'll put numbers in where he thinks there should be numbers.
and they said, don't be stupid.
what is this about?
but now i do it the regular speed, right?
and may it run forever, because it gives people like me a living.
that's a four percent reduction per year -- and this, with measuring.
so i've come up with an alternative, which is sitopia, from the ancient greek, sitos for food, and topos for place.
and i said, what's the most valuable thing you can give to a dreamer?
ca well, richard, when i was starting off in business, i knew nothing about it and i also was sort of -- i thought that business people were supposed to just be ruthless and that that was the only way you could have a chance of succeeding.
she's the third generation of americans that hasn't grown up within a food environment where they've been taught to cook at home or in school, or her mom, or her mom's mom.
and somebody said to him, well what's the point of these, heinrich?
two percent of the population of europe -- that's 16 million people -- are having their sleep devastated by noise like that.
that's one.
she replied, posture. my back is always straight, and i don't make old people's noises.
i'm going to talk about dinosaurs.
so what i did is i took all of the interviews where i saw worthiness, where i saw people living that way, and just looked at those.
but as i began to read historical documents and contemporary descriptions, i found there was a kind of a missing component, for everywhere i came across descriptions of tapestries.
he says, of course they do. they go in the order in which they were built.
but fun is not enough.
no problem, jim. all i want you to do is rank these for me from the one you like the most to the one you like the least.
zipcar got some really important things right.
we contribute to that squeeze by depositing food in bins here in britain and elsewhere in the world. we take food off the market shelves that hungry people depend on.
and when you do that, usually you get 80 percent porn and 20 percent real suggestions, and instead it was all -- almost -- all good suggestions.
and a pig disease, a pig virus, and a human virus can both proliferate, and because of their kind of reproduction, they can combine and produce a new virus.
well, in the context of diving, you get too much, you die also.
but on april 21, a wonderfully honest moment occurred.
they all came in there, and i told them that there's some really difficult stuff on this computer.
i don't know if i'll be able to make this any clearer.
they're the only ones that are dangerous.
it's a little bit like designing a fire hydrant, and it has to be easily serviceable you have to know where it is and what it does.
how about this what if in any situation you could just calculate, look at the choices, measure out which one's better and know what to do?
okay, here we go.
it's not a laborer -- it's simply an electronic lathe, so the parts can all be cut at the same time.
within days the entire incident was forgotten, which would have never happened if they simply tried to block the content.
and of course, they're not always crying and screaming, but with three boys, there's a decent probability that at least one of them will not be comporting himself exactly as he should.
and i think that his widow is going to be very successful on her quest.
special people, special places, think up special ideas, then you have a pipeline that takes the ideas down to the waiting consumers, who are passive.
the glaciers are actually leaving us.
so economists tend to talk in technical words.
now this may seem a bit ambitious, but when you look at yourself, you look at your hands, you realize that you're alive.
it's a story that lives deep in my heart, and i'm proud to share this with you.
why has the idea spread?
the importance of delivering laptops to this region is connecting kids who have otherwise been unconnected because of the farc, the guerrillas that started off 40 years ago as a political movement and then became a drug movement.
on the other hand, if you light a match the whole planet will blow up.
good kanzi. very good. thank you so much.
i wrote this poem for her. these are not my beliefs.
httpwww.ted.comtalksdimitarsasselovhowwefoundhundredsofpotentialearthlikeplanets.html
and we're working on a bigger plane -- 220-foot span -- and an intermediate-size, one with a regenerative fuel cell that can store excess energy during the day, feed it back at night, and stay up 65,000 feet for months at a time.
the task of our time, one of the great tasks of our time, is to build a global society, as i said, where people can live together in peace.
i was told that when he makes his appearance, i was supposed to shut up.
thank you.
so i could go into edit mode, i could select the theater, i could add down at the bottom the name, and i could save it back.
we can reward effort consistently as everything fields together.
well let us go hand by hand and browse through just a few examples.
let's rebrand global warming, as many of you have suggested.
rs so in my official capacity as the chief judge of the ansari x prize competition, i declare that mojave aerospace ventures has indeed earned the ansari x prize.
and it starts to dry very quickly.
switch antibiotics so they switched to another antibiotic, it's not clear why they thought she had the flu, but they switched to tamiflu.
but you see democrats versus republican, not a big difference based on who your neighbors are.
so, theyre great examples, i think, of exploration and experimentation in design.
an implicit faith in you and then you respond to it.
we do not create revolutions.
but probably the most remarkable thing is that it comes full circle.
so, no, he doesn't want that. that's a different kind of control.
rural to urban migration meant that newfound industrial materials started to replace hard-to-come-by natural grasses.
it's such an eye-opening experience to be here.
there's the old one, responsible for windows and office.
yeah. i think it's evolutionary.
and climate change is certainly going to turn all of our theories and predictions on their heads.
and to a man who did not understand, i heard someone say, you know, you've been here for a few hours trying to understand, discussing with your fellows.
and that goat was 120.
it turned out he was hired by a scottish distillery to understand why they were burning so damn much peat to distill the whiskey.
and, you know, we don't hear those stories enough.
what if we made aesthetic judgments about animals, and only the ones we thought were cute were the ones that we could study?
the move destroyed the reservations, making it easier to further subdivide and to sell with every passing generation.
they are things that describe beauty in a way that is often only accessible if you understand the language and the syntax of the person who studies the subject in which truth and beauty is expressed.
now think about that. south africa, terrible atrocities had happened in the society.
the mcdonald's model scales.
that's my simple understanding of human rights.
one of them ended up with beatrice's parents, and that goat had twins.
when a bird lands on it, they trigger a sound file.
now what's the right response to that? yeah, right
well, maybe he was too trusting, because he stayed where he was long after the nazi anschluss in austria and even after the arrests and deportations began in budapest.
and they are both, something that is good for you, and they're fun.
they have more than the government, and they've got more guns than the government.
that's one of the reasons why they're having such trouble today, and why roy disney is out to get michael eisner.
people are always asking, well, who's in charge of this?
and so i though i would come and try and put spaghetti sauce behind me.
she said, come to my apartment.
and through her self-defense, she grabbed their adam's apples, she punched them in the eyes and she got herself free and out of the car.
and when i say nothing, i do mean nothing.
that's something that you cannot do right now.
fish tried amphibian life. frogs adapted to deserts.
where the teme machines themselves will replicate themselves.
man just try both of them.
so you need to help him out.
it's also the great theoretical triumph of biology.
we are participating in a reality that is different from that of the everyday life that we're used to.
then there were the emotional sacrifices how can one live with a woman while having so many secrets?
it is in your interests that i'm healthy, happy, well-fed.
it has a lighting system that changes throughout the day.
so a megabyte, 26 million megabytes is 26 terabytes -- it goes mega-, giga-, tera-. 26 terabytes.
so basically motion through 3d space.
and so they were very clever about the way that they packaged car-sharing.
in fact, that's old hat for crows.
and they didn't kill it. they called us to catch it.
and as you come to a new valley, as you come to a new landscape, you have a certain view.
the search for knowledge is in our genes.
however, consumers have moved.
here's how you mail your letter.
and i'm telling you, it's not even close.
some of you might have seen this before.
there's an unbelievable amount of know-how out there.
there are six which i think explain the great divergence.
you just have to believe me, it is, it is.
this is the italian portal, the ukrainian park, the polish park, the japanese square, the german park.
now let's go up to the arctic circle.
welcome to africa or rather, i should say, welcome home.
and my father said, ok, listen.
i'm talking about people taking and recreating using other people's content, using digital technologies now, the importance of this is not the technique that you've seen here.
and they say, no, no, that's what it says here in our holy book.
and those two roles came together for me in a book that i wrote called origins.
and so many of our institutions, even football, which used to be a pleasant pastime, now causes riots where people even die.
we are currently number four on the billboard charts, right behind tony bennett.
and the idea is, let's experimentally inoculate people with virus.
and the third night, we came back, we'd just gone out to dinner, where you saw the pictures, and we got to the front desk and the guy at the front desk said, there's no other free rooms on your floor tonight, so if you want to put the kids five floors below you, there's a room there.
they're saving us by redefining and re-imagining a future that defies and blurs accepted polarities, polarities we've taken for granted for a long time, like the ones between modernity and tradition, first world and third world, oppression and opportunity.
while young people seem to be very sure about their participation in public policy-making, but sometimes they're a little bit lost in terms of what they want for their personal life.
i took a translator with me, and went to this village, found the grandmother, sat down with her.
and that sounds like a kind of a romantic exaggeration.
there's enough food there to last them the summer and the winter long.
there's the map showing, on the left-hand side, that hospital -- actually that's a hospital ship.
i don't know what i'm missing to say, but as a last thing, i'd like to say is that if we continue along this path, we are designing our children's best friends.
i am collaborating with charlie brown.
so, a solution to the problem, then, would be to build a device that could mimic the actions of that front-end circuitry and send signals to the retina's output cells, and they can go back to doing their normal job of sending signals to the brain.
when you're small and vulnerable, like these starlings, or like the fish, it helps to swarm to avoid predators, to confuse predators.
the other children asked me about the movie midnight express, which i had not seen; they inquired how many cigarettes a day i smoked, because they thought all turks were heavy smokers, and they wondered at what age i would start covering my hair.
i mean it's been 25 years.
and the old lady said, oh yes, come on in.
now this image constitutes a huge amount of work.
the principal said, there's a dreadful mistake, because that child can't read.
so that place, a little moon around jupiter, is probably the prime candidate for finding life on a moon or a body outside the earth, that we know of.
two years later we started doing a project on developing mobile health clinics in sub-saharan africa, responding to the hivaids pandemic.
oceanographer john delaney is leading the team that is building an underwater network of high-def cameras and sensors that will turn our ocean into a global interactive lab -- sparking an explosion of rich data about the world below.
httpwww.ted.comtalksmarvinminskyonhealthandthehumanmind.html
so i want to show you a clip of aphaenogaster desert ants in professor stephen pratt's lab carrying an object.
peter tyack of woods hole talks about a hidden wonder of the sea underwater sound. onstage at mission blue, he explains the amazing ways whales use sound and song to communicate across hundreds of miles of ocean.
media business, or any other business, it needs to be capitalized.
i just remember it was one of those examples of data-driven design.
i did what people from my kind of background were supposed to do.
let's begin by winding the timeline back 13.7 billion years, to the beginning of time.
if i spin this pulley, the small one's going to spin much faster.
we think, by studying bacteria, we're going to be able to have insight about multicellularity in the human body.
and now a card with a contrast of five of clubs.
and i found myself the friday after september 11th -- two days afterwards -- literally unable to motivate anyone to do anything.
becky blanton planned to live in her van for a year and see the country, but when depression set in and her freelance job ended, her camping trip turned into homelessness. in this intimate talk, she describes her experience of becoming one of america's working homeless.
the arrival of countries like china and india -- between them 38 percent of the world's population -- and others like indonesia and brazil and so on, represent the most important single act of democratization in the last 200 years.
so when you put another mri in every corner, you put a robot in every hospital saying that everyone has to have robotic surgery.
it was complete chaos.
so it's this great window where they actually are -- you can influence them. you know what happens at puberty?
now, that was my first puzzle. i got hooked.
if you think about people and mortgages and buying houses and then not being able to pay for it, we need to think about that.
because the students made puff pastry and that's what the school ate every day.
and again, in an ideal world, we would do both.
so this predicts that sensing the distances and directions of boundaries around you -- extended buildings and so on -- is particularly important for the hippocampus.
so there you are in grade school, and you know exactly what to think about the kid who got this paper.
is it a place where you can finally surrender and not have to take responsibility for everything?
just simply using the tactile sensors on the feet, it's trying to walk over a changing terrain, a soft terrain where it pushes down and changes.
can you picture the politicians ever buying into this?
if you've ever taken anthropology, you know that it's a -- kind of an occupational pleasure of anthropologists to show how exotic other cultures can be, and that there are places out there where, supposedly, everything is the opposite to the way it is here.
some people will say it's for public health research.
again, another medical example here.
this is instead of studying history for one year at university.
what all administrations say when there's a scandal.
and this is von neumann and morgenstern, who wrote the theory of games.
it's not software.
the queen does it all.
the hurdy-gurdy has been used, historically, through the centuries in mostly dance music because of the uniqueness of the melody combined with the acoustic boombox here.
he went into a coma.
you need to come.
these kinds of target-based practice also helps kids develop attention and concentration skills.
by how much less is it expanding today, compared to, say, a couple of billion years ago?
that's what keeps the sys admin force from being a pussy force.
is it possible that there are extenuating circumstances that explain why johnny turned his paper in late in cody, wyoming?
arts,culture,entertainment,storytelling,writing
and that's a very profound explosion of exponential growth.
this is richard serra.
and i would like to do it in such a way that i don't actually have to be able to read the language, because i'm sure i won't be able to.
httpwww.ted.comtalksninatandoncaringforcells.html
and i don't have to do anything.
and it's the new century now. health is getting better, united kingdom, united states.
and the idea here is it's obvious how you ought to use this device.
well, seti uses the tools of astronomy to try and find evidence of someone else's technology out there.
one of them is in elite art since the 1930s -- say, the kinds of works performed by major symphony orchestras, where most of the repertory is before 1930, or the works shown in major galleries and prestigious museums.
brenda laurel on games for girls
and it also turns out that it would have been good to give me breaks in the middle to kind of recuperate from the pain.
we were told, we were assured, that the more meat and dairy and poultry we ate, the healthier we'd be.
i bet a lot of you do, right?
and the greatest danger we have of managing this power transition of the shift toward the east is fear.
we've just connected the dots. what we need to do is increase our sample size by an order of magnitude or more -- hundreds of thousands of dna samples from people all over the world.
this can be done with the future spectrographs.
i just thought that was amazing. i mean, she spoke in a way -- with amazing english, and amazing humor, and amazing laughter -- that made her seem like somebody i could have bumped into on the streets of new york, or in vermont, where i'm from.
i know i have about eight minutes fuel.
all of my life i have sought to understand the universe and find answers to these questions.
consider, for example, a condition like epilepsy, where the brain is overactive.
also, what is he doing? row, rowed.
but i wanted to show you a fish because -- in fact, it's very different from a fish.
pm i'm trying to make this more available to people so that anyone can develop their own sixthsense device, because the hardware is actually not that hard to manufacture or hard to make your own.
and i can't emphasize that enough, you know.
and i sat, and i was like, man, i would buy that, eh?
and my dad says he got off the plane and he went to this lunch and there was this huge spread.
this huge mass of all these stars keeps stars in circular orbits in the galaxy.
sorry, what?
and moral will is undermined by an incessant appeal to incentives that destroy our desire to do the right thing.
so he doesn't actually do anything himself.
and that is the spell that i want to break.
so these things are kind of relative to where you or your ancestors happen to stand.
how about the long term?
and the message was very clear climate change is for real, and we need to do something about it.
bluefin are pursued wherever they go -- there is a gold rush on earth, and this is a gold rush for bluefin.
i moved three things by a millimeter.
but, how far away is it?
behavioral finance is really a combination of psychology and economics, trying to understand the money mistakes people make.
this is kind of like something i used to do in third grade.
what damage does it actually inflict on the plant?
well, consider by analogy, the concept of physical health.
it's a research crop marijuana grow room.
so we talk in terms of what we call task-shifting.
does your mindset correspond to my dataset?
social commentary and irreverence rise throughout the 70s.
there is no surface fresh water.
living organisms are created by chemistry.
it is a moment in time.
so when show my friends this, sometimes they've told me, you know, sebastian, you should just give up.
the farmers have little bridges to get from one roof to the next.
i started seeking out triathletes because i found that lifelong swimmers often couldn't teach what they did.
so this canary was a living alarm, and a very efficient one.
and he's freaked out. and he won't even look left or right to see any encouraging vision.
it's not a noun. it's a verb.
it sends high-resolution video pictures back to the operator.
i shuffled when i walked. i was bowed over.
so all the grasses, which means all of the cereal crops, and most of the trees have wind-borne pollen.
climate change,environment,global issues,green,investment,sustainability,technology
that's a shame.
so, we really will continue to focus on products.
you hike around, you see something like this.
these proteins are very negatively charged.
did you note there, that we have mexico up there?
when one is exposed to h1n1, you take tamiflu, and you can remarkably decrease the severity of symptoms and prevent many of the manifestations of the disease.
and notice, most of that went to the motherland, to the imperial metropoles, not to their colonial possessions.
so, why aren't governments blaring this on television?
and last week i had my 18-month scans.
we've been on a journey, a return journey, of 13.7 billion years.
john moore set up this photo at arlington cemetery.
aquecer-se ucked-fay.
i'm a medical illustrator, and i come from a slightly different point of view.
one of their projects will be to help animals -- not just wildlife, domestic animals as well.
and the wonderful thing about that is that i get to compare biospheres.
assuming you live a long life, there's a 50 percent chance you'll develop arthritis.
rick smolan i'm sure there's about 40 things she's going to tell me, that wasn't what happened, that wasn't what you said.
you can send them inside buildings like this as first responders to look for intruders, maybe look for biochemical leaks, gaseous leaks.
and meanwhile, besides all the spirituality, there was one mundane detail in the kaaba that was pretty interesting for me.
there are various things in here i could say we might raise more revenue, or medical innovation will make the spending even higher.
it's been used a lot of places, but i particularly like the use here of liquid crystal displays in the changing room.
that's the weak form of the knot.
what's new -- and it's huge -- is that, for the first time, we get to see him, and he can see us.
history,invention,technology
and in a way that's a metaphor for life.
now they're on active duty in afghanistan every day.
and this is one of many ways that we think other cultures offset this kind of lonely period.
it shows us a general mistrust of government or government-backed institutions, which lacked transparency in the past.
but the foreman was kind enough to give us each a check for a dollar, but my mother would never let us cash it.
i hunched my shoulder, i picked my backpack up again and i started walking.
and bell then goes on to explain to the students.
so i love that last sentence he liked making this book.
512
maybe, how about i take my digital world and paint the physical world with that digital information?
so everything costs one token, but as you can see, sometimes tokens buy more than others, sometimes more grapes than others.
the biological effects are certainly hemispheric.
make room for it.
i mean, how do they form? how do they operate?
he said, man, that's a great story.
and then in the most magnificent gesture, i send the bird of peace into the azure.
in one generation, the nation of the people of israel had a tremendous and dramatic change that made them a great power in the near east.
a vagina warrior is a woman, or a vagina-friendly man, who has witnessed incredible violence or suffered it, and rather than getting an ak-47 or a weapon of mass destruction or a machete, they hold the violence in their bodies; they grieve it; they experience it; and then they go out and devote their lives to making sure it doesn't happen to anybody else.
the metal continued into a building -- herman miller, in sacramento.
we altered our ecological niche by creating civilization.
what if that wild bird flies by again?
but that being said, we just as easily could have lost one of the oldest living things on the planet, and the full impact of that disaster is still yet to be seen.
and on the first -- you know, this has been a very hollywood theme with lots of movies. you probably recognize these characters here -- where in each of these cases, the robots want more respect.
sounded very ominous when he took me nearby to the lake, conveniently called lake lyndon baines johnson.
kb what?
the point is, are we ready to take the path to celebrating ordinary heroes, waiting for the right situation to come along to put heroic imagination into action?
the annual death rate, then, becomes 56 million.
dreadful. thumbs down.
and we get about two or three bands a day signing up.
instead, our eeg scans revealed very specific problems hidden within their brains that couldn't possibly have been detected by their behavioral assessments.
we said, so we'll put in a stent, but we're not going to put in a stent that we'd put in people.
here we go.
when composers write music for me, i ask them to forget what they know about the cello.
if you don't understand the risks, you don't understand the costs, you're likely to get the trade-off wrong, and your feeling doesn't match reality.
and on a particularly dark night of december of 2004, i sat down with my family, and i said that i had become very disillusioned.
importantly, it was the first time ever that the fda included in their approval of an oncology treatment a quality of life claim.
it's incredibly important, those people would no longer be alive if the united states, for instance, hadn't spent that money in darfur, but it's not a way to live.
the income distribution of the united states, 1970.
it was a machine that was never built, and yet, it will be built.
and i was saying, you don't know this molecule really well, but your body knows it extremely well.
david attenborough thinks it's significant, as the possible beginning of our bipedalism.
this was -- originally, when radio astronomy began, mr. jansky, at the bell labs, detected radio waves coming from the sky.
ron eglash on african fractals
so, that's the form of the puzzle coming out of the content, rather than the other way around.
he'd come up from trumansburg to teach me not just about the moog synthesizer, but we'd be sitting there -- i'm studying physics at the time. this is 1969, 70, 71.
why are the eyes closed?
it's glamorous, first, because she is beautiful -- but that does not make you glamorous, that only makes you beautiful.
remarkable impact on mortality.
foreign policy,global issues,politics,world cultures
connect with people. become very active as citizens.
but the last two needs -- the first four needs are called the needs of the personalities, is what i call it -- the last two are the needs of the spirit.
let's suppose that i am thriving, then tomorrow i want to tell you about how well i did.
it spread like wildfire and some died within hours of developing symptoms.
so the next time you're faced with something that's unexpected, unwanted and uncertain, consider that it just may be a gift.
br and we're chefs. so when moto opened in 2004, people didn't really know what to expect. a lot of people thought that it was a japanese restaurant, and maybe it was the name, maybe it was the logo, which was like a japanese character, but anyway, we had all these requests for japanese food, which is really not what we did. and after about the ten thousandth request for a maki roll, we decided to give the people what they wanted. so this picture is an example of printed food, and this was the first foray into what we like to call flavor transformation. so this is all the ingredients, all the flavor of, you know, a standard maki roll, printed onto a little piece of paper.
but no one can kill the spirit of true mexicans.
now, granted, for many men it may require a degree in philosophy to see something wrong with these images.
i can get a definition of these words just by touching them, and the definition will appear in the illustration corner.
ca but a string theorist, as i understand it, explains electrons in terms of much smaller strings vibrating -- i know you don't like string theory -- vibrating inside it.
what i really did was i just followed nature, and nature doesn't know monocultures, but a natural forest is multilayered.
we did a lot of sexy tech at ideo -- they'd seen this and they wanted a sexy piece of technology for medical diagnostics.
now look at this.
and by night, artificial light in each one emanates and comes out to the outside.
and this thing is the second vortex to be built in the world, in a two-and-a-half meter drop on a river.
lifespring hospital is a joint venture between acumen and the government of india to bring quality, affordable maternal health care to low-income women, and it's been so successful that it's currently building a new hospital every 35 days.
they're a hundred years ahead of us with this drive.
and then you have to convince others, so that they can, in fact, help you raise the funds, and then you've got to deal with the fact that you've got government bureaucracies and institutions that don't want you to move those things forward, and you have to deal with failures. what a prize does, what we've experienced a prize doing, is literally help to short-circuit or support all of these things, because a prize credentials the idea that this is a good idea.
that trailer led to another commission, to participate in whats called tokyo designers block.
i would love to talk about stuff that i'm interested in, but unfortunately, i suspect that what i'm interested in won't interest many other people.
his brothers certainly were able to run long distances chasing prey, probably sweating heavily as they did so.
this includes the little system in arabic called al-jebra.
i'm always astonished when people come to me and say, why is it that men are so adulterous?
luckily, it wasn't fatal, as you can all see.
me was a floating head.
so this is a real human brain.
now, where does this upper city and lower city come?
so it's pretty tough to do.
next we can actually light them up with a laser.
and i remember then getting out of the shower and realizing i couldn't even feel my hands.
you look in his intestines. there are billions of bacteria.
you could use it in an industrial context.
she was ceo of a successful e-venture -- she started and built reed elsevier ventures -- and at 45 she decided she wanted to do something different with her life.
and indeed, while we've tended to polarize the amateur from the professional, the single most exciting development in the last five to 10 years has been the rise of the professional hybrid artist, the professional artist who works, not primarily in the concert hall or on the stage; but most frequently around women's rights, or human rights, or on global warming issues or aids relief for more -- not out of economic necessity, but out of a deep, organic conviction that the work that she or he, is called to do cannot be accomplished in the traditional hermetic arts environment.
it's not even unique to poor people in india.
here's what most of the sand in our world looks like.
people died; so be it.
he's sending robots into caves, looking at what's going on.
a shoe made of apricot leather for the daughter of a czar.
we started a childhood obesity initiative with the heart association in america.
and we have taken pictures like this.
now it's time for full disclosure.
and -- at least they told me it was her house, i guess it was at one time, she had a party there or something.
it exists not only in southern england, but distributed around the world. i'll come to that.
right? but, you know, he's reasonably good looking, but...
third make somebody else really, really rich.
let's see it one more time.
and being from the silicon valley, sort of utopian sort of world, we thought, if we can make this technology work in rural uganda, we might have something.
then i underwent cognitive training.
this is in warsaw.
the amazing pathfinder mission that went in '97, and the mer rover missions that are on mars as we speak now and the european space agency's mars express, has taught us a number of amazing things.
as you interact with someone at ted, maybe you can see a word cloud of the tags, the words that are associated with that person in their blog and personal web pages.
or it was last year.
and i have to ask the question -- vc's always ask, sir, what is your business, and who is your customer?
when i say we, i'm at the council on foreign relations.
and this is a girl explicitly saying on a tv dating show that she would rather cry in a bmw than smile on a bicycle.
that's my son, darius.
and i thought, maybe i can be a reporter and doctor gynecologist.
they're pretty cool.
now, notice that the leader embraces him as an equal.
the food is incredible.
and this is not in some abstract metaphorical sense.
they conduct heat along their length but not across -- well, there is no width, but not in the other direction if you stack them up; that's a property of carbon fiber also.
well, unfortunately it isn't really a picture. if i could have my board at the side here, great, excellent.
so, doing these artificial life experiments helps us define a potential path between non-living and living systems.
the bubonic plague in europe, in the middle ages, killed one out of four europeans.
all those tumors have heavy bleeding during periods, abdominal pressure, back pain, frequent urination.
tech guru, like this man -- that a german magazine called the philosopher of the 21st century -- they are shaping the way we do things.
that would keep it from forming the tangles that seem to kill large sections of the brain when they do.
am it certainly affects the way you walk, yes. you can't walk normally on it.
great news. it drives me nuts that most people don't seem to know this news.
obviously there were characters like this.
and she shook her head and said, oh, these americans. we gave them a language, why don't they use it?
asia,adventure,development,south asia,storytelling,third world,war
she came back after ten days of fever, right? still has the fever, and she's hypoxic -- she doesn't have much oxygen in her lungs.
the low estimate is the nuclear energy industry estimate of nuclear.
and that transformation is part of where india is heading today.
the heart of school has seven kilometers of bamboo in it.
we're all embedded in vast social networks of friends, family, co-workers and more. nicholas christakis tracks how a wide variety of traits -- from happiness to obesity -- can spread from person to person, showing how your location in the network might impact your life in ways you don't even know.
dogs are the result of selectively breeding traits that we like.
and i can't say octopus are responsible for my really strong interest in getting in subs and going deep, but whatever the case, i like that.
and it was co-sponsored by the pentagon -- it's independent, it's peer-reviewed and all of the backup calculations are transparently posted for your perusal.
it was quite a momentous occasion for all of us.
because those had been in the news lately.
you saw a woman who was more clear than a pool of water in a mountain stream.
and seeing this reinforces, for me, that every one of us has at least one or two great photographs in them.
i worked in the schools. i found local sustainable funding to get every single school in the area, from the junk, onto the fresh food six-and-a-half grand per school.
and this is becoming common, it's moving very quickly, it's moving in a whole series of places.
i got to drive this with a chaperone from the company, a professional race car driver, and we drove around the canyons outside of los angeles and down on the pacific coast highway.
and we should be very alert to this.
it's almost more important than their eyesight.
we can do that in commercial spaces like this.
but i will demonstrate different ways to get rid of difficulties and go to the point, to find an answer probably much quicker than arthur did. so, first, we violate the common sense, the logic. all of you, if you hold your hand like this, 90 degrees -- all of you. not you.
only three swallows of nsima for each one of us.
and look at all the complex things and wonderful things we've been able to create with just a one and a zero.
so i took the approach that the chair should do as much for them as humanly possible or as mechanistically possible so that they didn't have to fuss with it.
and then we decided, why not get to religion because in the philippines, the catholic church was pretty strong, and thai people were buddhist.
there again, it's getting the players to get that self-satisfaction, in knowing that they'd made the effort to do the best of which they are capable.
so, let me go through what you gain when you look at the world this way, besides some entertaining insights about human desire.
how can we bridge, or let's say, narrow, this gap in the course of the years?
we walked out of africa two times.
and from then on, since i was now in this huge exciting world, i wanted to explore it all. i wanted it all at once, but knew i couldn't really get that.
you can't just shut that off.
so here, we're taking the extra step of also broadcasting it.
like, i love everything about this. it's amazing.
all of them come from the cameras of american soldiers.
this is actually a picture of the spectrum of the sun.
polio is still a devastating, explosive disease.
east asia today has more of those global hubs than any other region in the world.
now i do own stocks.
and we do this in what we call the bee matrix.
what are we doing?
and what you're looking at with this namibiensis is the biggest bacteria we've ever seen.
we also said that the 21st century would see shifting climate zones, creation of drought-prone regions in north america and asia, erosion of ice sheets, rising sea levels and opening of the fabled northwest passage.
now, the world needs opportunities for new leaders and new ideas.
i think there's a kind of metaphysical dimension -- that speed becomes a way of walling ourselves off from the bigger, deeper questions.
at all times, wikipedia is approximately 45 minutes away from utter destruction. right?
i don't have that much else to say, but they turned out really well.
some of you are old enough to remember he was the chairman of the house of representatives and he resigned in disgrace when this young republican named newt gingrich found out about a shady book deal he had done.
and i'm not paid to come here, no.
and i thought, maybe i'm on the right track, but it sort of lost its human quality.
so coal itself is probably one of the largest problems.
i call this ability collective learning.
when that ice melts, sea level rises by six meters.
our fate and the ocean's are one.
if you're a games company, and you've got a million players in your game, you only need one percent of them to be co-developers, contributing ideas, and you've got a development workforce of 10,000 people.
i very much resonate with what you're saying, because it seems to me that the problem with getting people interested in doing anything about aging is that by the time aging is about to kill you it looks like cancer or heart disease or whatever. do you have any advice?
after the algerian war, at the heart of the international resistance movements, his name circulated and the whole world came knocking at his door.
what are kids learning? where is the family time?
now here's something that you haven't yet leaked, but i think for ted you are.
ms. dewey's a teacher in a texas elementary school.
when ted senior fellow cesar harada heard about the devastating effects of the bp oil spill in the gulf of mexico in 2010, he quit his dream job and moved to new orleans to develop a more efficient way to soak up the oil. he designed a highly maneuverable, flexible boat capable of cleaning large tracts quickly. but rather than turn a profit, he has opted to open-source the design.
it's always sort of struck me as really a scary thought that if you see a dog in a park, and the owner is calling it, and the owner says, you know, puppy, come here, come here, and the dog thinks, hmm, interesting.
so every time you buy tickets on ticketmaster, you help to digitize a book.
and it's shown here in its true orientation.
a group of divinity students at the princeton theological seminary were told that they were going to give a practice sermon and they were each given a sermon topic.
so always think how is your company and your job serving the greater good?
and that's how he really marks his territory.
97 percent of the land in the galapagos islands is protected, but the adjacent sea is being ravaged by fishing.
ok. so i mean, this is the kind of status quo interface, right?
i find a lot of people find it very, very unlikely that we should do that.
and ghana was not paying enough attention.
we have to stop that.
within three weeks it will be everywhere in the world.
so, we have just finished a nasa institute for advanced concepts phase ii study, looking at the irreducible set of technologies that you would need in order to actually allow people to inhabit lava tubes on the moon or mars.
in this image-filled talk, yann arthus-bertrand displays his three most recent projects on humanity and our habitat -- stunning aerial photographs in his series the earth from above, personal interviews from around the globe featured in his web project 6 billion others, and his soon-to-be-released movie, home, which documents human impact on the environment through breathtaking video.
we want to see and measure storms -- brainstorms, that is.
but the goal is to go much further and, very broadly, to democratize all of this knowledge, and to try and be an authoritative source in all areas.
so what i was trying to do is think of a way that we could study suspended animation to think about a way to reproduce, maybe, what happened to the skier.
httpwww.ted.comtalksjoseabreuonkidstransformedbymusic.html
now how could that be?
i said, oh, come on. i mean, even if women tried to have a baby every single year from the time they were 15 to the time they were 45, assuming they didn't die from exhaustion, it still seems like some women would have some time left over to hear the word of god. and they said, no.
that's duke
again, a direct reflection from using these processes to develop extremely complicated, very large-scale organisms.
it used to be the time where only kings wore a leopard skin, but now throughout rituals and ceremonies, traditional healers and ministers.
we just learned so much in three hours in the water there.
if i was born in monterey, probably would be in brazil.
screening the average young woman with an mri is kind of like driving to the grocery store in a hummer.
this is india, and of course it's all the more striking because it was four years later that we all applauded the u.s., the oldest democracy in the modern world, more than 220 years of free and fair elections, which took till last year to elect a president or a vice president who wasn't white, male or christian.
you don't know how far that street is and you don't know if you're going straight and you hear cars whizzing back and forth, and you had a horrible accident that landed you in this situation.
it took the senate just 17 days to ban the use of the guidelines in determining insurance coverage.
so in two weeks flat -- the two weeks before our paper came out -- they coded up a version of the ngram viewer for the general public.
beauty,happiness,materials,science,technology
it's by astor piazzolla, an argentine composer.
over 13 percent of the deaths were from respiratory illnesses -- again, all preventable and treatable.
you're probably familiar with the nike+ system.
in fact, i'm convinced i learned the narrative art from those nightly sessions with my father.
these are just tiny decreases -- two percentage points -- not significant.
and if you're then interested in the history of a piece of dna, or the whole genome, you can reconstruct the history of the dna with those differences you observe.
because the road map to get rid of this disease involves many things.
there was no program directive, no manual to follow, no standards in gifted education in that way.
that's all it takes, six-and-a-half grand per school.
but how do we know that the user's video was a copy?
you can't be hauling all your crap around, trying to chase the antelope.
and that's what we did for this piece of muscle.
if the end game is mercury toxification of our children downwind of coal fire plants as they scuttled the clean air act, then i see that our education programs should be explicitly defined as, brain death for all children. no child left behind.
but that's not all what we need to do. we need to use active systems.
because food is one issue that cannot be solved person by person, nation by nation.
zoom in on haiti, in outline here.
you can see my wife struggling to stack a brick of postcards on a pyramid of over a half-million secrets.
and all of it was coming from this shrimp farms.
imagine spending seven years at mit and research laboratories, only to find out that you're a performance artist.
there's not a strawberry tree or a carrot bush.
and another attribute of the trickster is smart luck.
this portrait -- i'm not usually known for portraits, but i couldn't resist this one, where she's been through mao, and she's been through the great leap forward, and the cultural revolution, and now she's sitting on her porch with this e-waste beside her. it's quite something.
i went to performing arts high school, where i was an actor.
kiwis are, and so are these hawks trapped near antarctica.
how does nature repel bacteria?
this is the modus operandi that we have today.
it's a compound that's found in polycarbonate plastic, which is what baby bottles are made out of.
so inertia versus momentum.
and my introduction to business was in these 100 little infuses of capital.
the big brands are some of the most important powers, powerful powers, in this country.
or, i should say, the students succeeded.
and amongst our compiled results was the startling revelation that, in fact, we were losing natural capital -- the benefits that flow from nature to us.
and one of the other things that i said to her through the translator -- again, this thing about saying stop -- was to not pay attention to me.
it binds us into teams that circle around sacred values but thereby makes us go blind to objective reality.
you have to work with your hands.
and so the auction that followed literally had people saying, bang so many million dollars for so-and-so player.
and it's only a few months since governments injected enormous sums of money to try and keep the whole system afloat.
they are all important. and every brand needs to have guidelines at the center.
and at the museum of the rockies where we work, i have four t. rexes, so i can cut a whole bunch of them.
today, i'm going to take you around the world in 18 minutes.
so what do they do?
now does anybody know who this is?
day one, day two, day three, day four, day five, day six.
so, there's all kinds of bacteria on the earth that have no business being in you or on you at any time, and if they are, they make you incredibly sick.
when i woke later that afternoon, i was shocked to discover that i was still alive. when i felt my spirit surrender, i said goodbye to my life.
it's actually quite lifeless. once it forms, it doesn't really do anything.
the trick is to join them up, to use food as a way of seeing.
but in fact, it's phenomenally complicated to take a concept i and a concept tiger and blend them together.
i know this run so well, by the back of my hand.
i want to point out a few other exceptional people in this picture.
i told david, 'keep your work out of my kitchen.' but i was wrong.
life needs a membrane to contain itself so it can replicate and mutate.
and luckily he agreed. and the theme, in two years, is going to be cute pictures of puppies.
and i've come here to ask you today what radical tactical shift can you take in your relationship to the environment, which will ensure that our children and our grandchildren live in a safe world and a secure world, and most importantly, in a sustainable world?
between them, the two already pervade, as most of you here seated realize, every dimension of human life.
amnesiacs do exactly the same thing. think about this result.
it's pretty bleak.
we stand in elections; we vote in elections; we observe elections.
we were perhaps taking her for granted, and maybe she didn't like that that much.
you will never annihilate the germs.
discoveries like fire happened so rarely, that from an individual's point of view, the world never improved.
the feeling of security and the reality of security don't always match, says computer-security expert bruce schneier. at tedxpsu, he explains why we spend billions addressing news story risks, like the security theater now playing at your local airport, while neglecting more probable risks -- and how we can break this pattern.
to me, this says three things.
and while i was doing this, i was reading the cancer literature, trying to -- again -- familiarize myself with this new medical field.
prozac was really the first absolute blockbuster drug.
and that problem is, how is it so easy to know other minds?
nice to meet you.
not only that, but as i move the object around, it's going to track it and overlay that content seamlessly.
we recommend exercise as the most effective, simple, easy thing to do.
pranav mistry so, there are lots of companies -- actually sponsor companies of media lab -- interested in taking this ahead in one or another way.
how do i get them to pass? i have to get them 20 more marks.
it's actually a fairly common picture.
but let me illustrate that fourth factor by looking at qatar.
and these nations are faced with a real problem.
and asia could have social development before they got the economic development.
i have many of these books, and i've been keeping them for about the last eight or nine years.
so this is all done in the last two years.
i'm not saying they're broken.
httpwww.ted.comtalksabrahamvergheseadoctorstouch.html
i'm saying, i got to clear out of here
you don't work in your self-interest all the time, because when emotion comes into it, the wiring changes in the way it functions.
as though that wasn't enough, what i did immediately after is i went to quest labs and had them take every blood sample that they could to test for everything and to see where my levels were, so the doctors could use it, once again.
this is the whaling camp here, we're about six miles from shore, camping on five and a half feet of thick, frozen pack ice.
south africa in the 20 percents. high ones.
so now we have a whole extended bacteria family, filled with virus sleeper cells.
science writer richard preston talks about some of the most enormous living beings on the planet, the giant trees of the us pacific northwest. growing from a tiny seed, they support vast ecosystems -- and are still, largely, a mystery.
now, until 9-11, the bulk of all this money flew into the u.s. economy because the bulk of the money was denominated in u.s. dollars and the money laundering was taking place inside the united states.
by the time you're in first grade, you should be able to read paragraphs of text with maybe a picture, maybe not, in a book of maybe 25 to 30 pages.
and i think in some ways we've been much harsher to men in the annihilation of their girl cell.
we can be very creative about thinking of different ways to reduce these risks.
all around her head was just swollen; her head was about two sizes of its own size.
it was a trying and scary thing for a young kid to be going through.
i know their senior leadership, they wanted to give it to us.
there are so many celebrities running around here.
for example, translating a tiny, tiny fraction of the whole web, wikipedia, into one other language, spanish.
the perfect getaway in your perfect car.
the search for hard-to-vary explanations is the origin of all progress.
and if people who are infected are treated, they don't die of aids.
that's the machine we showed in tunis.
i started thinking about the relationship between communication, media and collective action when i wrote smart mobs, and i found that when i finished the book, i kept thinking about it.
anyway, i wanted to show you a little bit about the world of toy design, at least from my small aperture of the world.
i felt very happy to be at the secondary school, so i was determined to do anything possible to receive education.
his biggest obstacle, really, was the marketplace, which demands these days bright yellow foie gras.
my response how about nothing?
and so how about that average baseline of happiness?
on the left is what his camera sees.
so this is a single chromosome.
so here i was wallowing in a vortex of emotions and depression and what have you, with the enormity of the situation, wanting to go to a place of healing, health and happiness.
in the last olympics, this gentleman, who had several world records in the special olympics, tried to run in the normal olympics.
when i bought my first desktop, it was a dec rainbow.
on an astronomical scale that's a very small black hole.
these seem to be natural human aspirations.
and so i never developed the ability to have a staff.
i was like, great.
so, would you like to have an extra 100,000 dollars when you're 65 is a question that's very different than, imagine who you'll be when you're 65 will you be living, what will you look like, how much hair will you have, who will you be living with.
so a lot has happened in the last 40 years, and what i learned when i came to the galapagos is the importance of wild places, wild things, certainly wildlife, and the amazing qualities that penguins have.
senior keeper that's it, that's it, ok. no see, now he's getting a little overexcited.
i had this idea that i wanted people to receive a kind of mysterious love letter, like a found fragment in their mailbox.
upon educating myself a little further about plastics, i actually realized this was a bad thing.
i want to create these oases of sculpture in spaces of cities around the world.
some people get carried away.
they use it for finding food, for attracting mates, for defending against predators.
but a lot of other animals weren't saved.
and this was at a time when mars was a hell of a lot more interesting than it is now. we thought there'd be animals there; we knew there were plants there; the colors change, right?
and i thought to myself, in the middle of the night, in the middle of the atlantic, what in the world could be wrong in washington?
the servos in the front legs, we had to shape those like muscles.
this is something like a new definition ever given in policing in india -- the power to prevent.
go back 200 years when the slave trade was under pressure from william wilberforce and all the protesters.
there's a guy pushing there, behind, but can also walk on the wind very well.
it's the power of focus.
that's what they are to you.
we're the neurons in this brain.
i decided to ask whether the lesson i had learned from trees as artists could be applied to a static institution such as our prisons, and i think the answer is yes.
now this also, as good as it is, wasn't quite enough.
and, so now, when the polar ice caps melt, my recording studio will rise up like an ark, and i'll float off into the drowned world like a character from a j.g. ballard novel.
michelle kaufman has pioneered new ways of thinking about environmental architecture.
you know, who is going to say that we cracked this thing of the dependence on fossil fuels, with all that being held to ransom by rogue regimes, and so on.
and did it evolve to be more harmful in a place like ecuador, which has some of the least well protected?
i figured i'd come back in a couple of weeks and talk to the grandmother.
there are thousands of these kinds of maps that are displayed in atlases all over the world.
now, lets take some data. facebook.
i wrote the book i needed to read.
but this is completely different to the symmetries of the triangle.
but if you are, and you say to somebody, you know, they say, what do you do?
now i happen to make my living these days in television, so for me, that's a good thing.
and it started to make me think a lot about the night sky, and how humans have always used the night sky to project their great stories.
he is the only model for black community; i don't care jesse jackson.
they'll never be perfect, but we'll be able to fix the things that 200-year-olds die of, before we have any 200-year-olds.
cesar and i tried to write a piece for the new york times magazine explaining how this works.
this gives me a chance to suggest to you the structure of the column of marcus aurelius, which is really no more than a pile of quarters high -- thick quarters. over the piazza of saint ignacio, completely ruining the symmetry, but that aside a spectacular place to visit.
obviously, this in an incomplete question, just as looking at an organism as only a gene is an incomplete way of looking at it.
bj but through our investigation, we have to seek the wildest places in africa.
so you use it with your headset.
and the reality of the society that we're in is there are thousands and thousands of people out there leading lives of quiet, screaming desperation, where they work long, hard hours at jobs they hate to enable them to buy things they don't need to impress people they don't like.
and i went to see the dozo.
it's a huge effort that goes into doing this, gathering the data and developing the algorithms, writing all the software.
i think single-cell organisms are possible within two years.
and, ultimately, the arithmetic problem isn't going to go away.
and literally with only those two inputs -- so, the shape of your boundary condition and the pressure -- you can define an infinite number of lenses that cover the range of human refractive error, from minus 12 to plus eight diopters, up to four diopters of cylinder.
and actually, like nick, i brought samples.
so she painted this medical facts mural with a nutrition label, something like that, in a diagram of him.
so the great project of our generation, it seems to me, is to build for the first time, out of a global ethic and our global ability to communicate and organize together, a truly global society, built on that ethic but with institutions that can serve that global society and make for a different future.
and you have the market revolution of the 1980s and the huge increase of inequality in societies.
then the efficiency of such a base station is only at about five percent.
how could we not succeed, she said, when people like you from the other side of the world are coming here to stand beside us?
httpwww.ted.comtalksheatherknightsiliconbasedcomedy.html
okay. so the last project i'm going to show is this new one called snout.
i had a newspaper clipping.
allow your eyes to close, on five, four, three, two, one.
but something else happened, which was an epiphany in my life.
then, of course, trying to, you know, work on things where the content is actually important for me.
to paraphrase franklin roosevelt from a different context, the greatest thing we have to fear is fear itself.
one's got to build a structure that's probably at least as deep as existing physics.
and the answer is i got them from flickr.
after leaving aims, i went on to do a master's in applied mathematics at the university of cape town in south africa.
thank you for your time.
the planning function and policy function stays with the ministry; the delivery of services on the ground, you should use whatever works -- churches, ngos, local communities, whatever works.
as has been said before, we are all atheists about most of the gods that humanity has ever believed in. some of us just go one god further.
here is another example of something which is -- this is a little spectrophotometer.
so, all right, we'll leave them like that.
this is a political education, to be sure.
not so good, is it?
but in actual fact, they're obviously crossing the equator as well.
well, the foreman could see he was in over his head, i guess.
here we go. once again the usa is part of the reason here.
in comics, i know that it results in sort of a formalist attitude towards trying to understand how it works.
oh look, there's another galaxy.
you know, we capture this imagery but to build the 3-d models we need to do geo-positioning. we need to do geo-registering of the images.
so that christmas -- maybe i've got time for this -- that christmas i got the mister wizard fun-o-rama chemistry set.
so, it began to occur to me that maybe your biology pulls you towards some people rather than another.
and i just look at this, and i think, yes, we could take that so much further by allowing people to set targets by setting calibrated targets, by using elements of uncertainty, by using these multiple targets, by using a grand, underlying reward and incentive system, by setting people up to collaborate in terms of groups, in terms of streets to collaborate and compete, to use these very sophisticated group and motivational mechanics we see.
the air force's 1.5 billion dollar bombsight was used to drop its three billion dollar bomb, which didn't need a bombsight at all.
and if you agree with that, then i think the best way to improve these countries is to recognize that economic development is of the people, by the people, for the people.
the first half of the 20th century was an absolute disaster in human affairs, a cataclysm.
audience i was told that many of the brain cells we have as adults are actually in the human embryo, and that the brain cells last 80 years or so.
i heard people murmur from time to time that i should love my body, so i learned how to do this.
now, you think, why would something so lame work on people so smart?
i mean, can you engage in a conversation with that kind of woman without seeming kind of cultural imperialist?
the speed with which galaxies within clusters are orbiting is much too large; it must be embedded in dark matter.
we think the one that got the dinosaurs was about five miles wide.
and here, by great fortune, one of my father's clients had a husband who worked at the alfred mann foundation for scientific research.
and so we are going to use molecules and refashion this thing, rebuild everything from the bottom up, using dna in ways that nature never intended, using dna origami, and dna origami to seed this algorithmic self-assembly.
after a few years, they had several newspapers in central and eastern europe.
and so, on the right, you see gasoline emissions, the death rates of 2020.
and yet i see it as something that's just as basic for survival -- long term -- as learning some of the basic things about public health.
or this -- this is a really neat teapot i found at high tea at the four seasons hotel in chicago.
but it's not all about the seafood.
and i learned personal relationships were more important than ever.
jn and how can you avoid being annoyed by her?
you and your cousins share a grandparent in common.
for all the patients around the world watching this on the webcast, god bless you, everyone -- let patients help.
just give me the headline over here.
sharon lazarus i am an echocardiographer at the heart institute of the caribbean, since the past two years. i received training at this institution.
thank you for being here.
because you'll go home in a bad mood.
i didn't see anyone else. we took this photo next to the helicopter.
there's been four billion years of organic, biological life.
so what do i have to do?
it's actually very popular.
httpwww.ted.comtalksleecroninmakingmattercomealive.html
so it's just become another day.
there is a treaty of nonaggression between countries, such that if there were a conflict between china and the united states, most countries vow to just sit it out, including american allies like korea and australia.
six months later, the women's infants were offered cereal mixed with carrot juice, and their facial expressions were observed while they ate it.
we can see some of the first ideas for retro-fitting some of the catastrophic property that we have in america.
so we're looking for the design rules of this -- this is the highest biodiversity of trees in the world, irian jaya, 259 species of tree, and we described this in the book, cradle to cradle.
this slide sums up thousands of pages of technical documents that we've been working on over the past two years.
it got abandoned when the new croton aqueducts opened in 1890.
risks to create spaces that have never been cantilevered to that extent.
you can actually be making dna chips in your garage and decoding some genetic programs pretty rapidly. it's a lot of fun.
they don't know whether this person's hostile or not.
and this is footage from a hidden camera in a button.
in fact, apophis is a blessing in disguise, because it woke us up to the dangers of these things.
now, what if my roommate knew about my friend fumi onda, a fearless woman who hosts a tv show in lagos, and is determined to tell the stories that we prefer to forget?
no, you're not.
and what they do is step, very coarsely at first, and then very finely afterward.
and we're working in an area called southern kayonza, which is one of the poorest areas in rwanda, with a group that originally includes about 400,000 people.
and we'd rather read it during breakfast, because later we listen to radio in a car, check your mail at work and in the evening you watch tv.
well, this year is the 50th anniversary of issigonis's mini, which is one of my favorite cars.
the children are virtual prisoners; they cannot leave, they cannot go home.
i assessed how long they were going to stay and how much it would take to feed them.
and i thought everything seemed to be on track.
two years ago, i was the highest-rated lecturer at mit's entrepreneurial master's program.
mt in that respect, magic tricks are like jokes.
but maybe it's something different.
talking at the us state department this summer, hans rosling uses his fascinating data-bubble software to burst myths about the developing world. look for new analysis on china and the post-bailout world, mixed with classic data shows.
right and then i was trying to pretend i was like a valley girl.
and it's an intellectual challenge to understand how we do that.
so keep in mind that she's never seen this done.
but i am seeing in the major funders, in care, rockefeller, rockefeller brothers fund, hewlett, mercy corps, you guys, google, so many other organizations, a beginning of understanding that we need to work not just on primary prevention of global warming, but on the secondary prevention of the consequences of global warming on the poorest and the most vulnerable.
there isn't a dog on this earth that's a natural creature.
it only took one robust observation from copernicus to blow that idea out of the water.
what this means is it's no longer good enough to say that international relations, or global affairs, or chaos in somalia, or what's going on in burma is none of your business, and that you can leave it to governments to get on with.
we talked about the tv show we watched that evening.
i was fortunate in finding things.
but no, two hours in, wham never in my life ...
i bet you guys are doing this just to run up our airtime, aren't you?
one is the question of education.
and it's fun to fly through mr. beckett's eye.
and when i was 12, i became an actor.
his team have been making detailed calculations of the relative impacts of different energy sources.
i likely already look forward to the weekend on thursdays.
now you won't be able to understand a word of it, but this is what it looks like.
in fact, this land is designated for recreational all-terrain vehicle use.
so, for a radiopharmaceutical in the u.s. -- that you'll get a unit dose for 250 dollars -- when we're finished manufacturing it in-house, we come at a price of about two dollars.
and the point is, we need to carry on increasing well-being.
and we have 60 meals twice a day of solar cooking.
this was a connection, just a meeting with somebody who wanted to develop africa's first telemedicine center, in tanzania.
and it has -- the steady state is, more or less, one percent of the adult world population is hiv-infected.
we're free to choose where we make the fold.
and the girl said, they will in a minute.
pain doesn't go away either.
it gets even more complicated when the doctrines of use become ambiguous.
these are people naming planets, and they won't use their first names.
when i moved to boston, i joined a group called the world sculpture racing society.
one of the things that is just -- i almost can't conceive it -- is the idea that the national news media hasn't picked this up at all, and this is the devastation of one of the most important ecosystems in north america.
and there are 30 justicemakers throughout the world, from sri lanka to swaziland to the drc, who with five thousand dollars do amazing things, through sms programs, through paralegal programs, through whatever they can do.
and she wrote a little note, she said, hey rags, thank you for the magic carpet ride around the world.
medical conditions don't negate the human condition.
dr. edith widder -- she's now at the ocean research and conservation association -- was able to come up with a camera that could capture some of these incredible animals, and that's what you're seeing here on the screen.
and would come to the conclusion that that was when the aliens were taking him and giving him rectal probes.
they are the u.s.a., other western countries going across in those triangles and a few gulf states in there actually.
now for me, i'm surprised by this, because this wasn't how the internet was supposed to be.
i usually figure out what my talk is when i get up in front of a group.
now, i know absolutely nothing about mayan ceramics, but i wanted to be as ingratiating as possible so i said, but dr. robicsek, this is absolutely dazzling.
but there's another side that i have witnessed as someone who lived in it and someone who ended up working in it.
this might strike you as a strange career move, but it actually has one great advantage no job competition.
as his spirits sagged, his body deteriorated until, i believe, he slowly brought about his own death.
and i started to fall.
and i will show you that what has happened in one of the best countries, with the most vibrant economy in africa and a good governance, botswana.
what we see here are satellites around the earth and the earth in proper registration against the universe, as we see.
hospital sound is getting worse all the time.
and what was interesting about it is the obvious choice for me to talk about was graphics and audio.
door, door, door, you know, color, you know what i'm saying.
as it turns out, there's a strong form and a weak form of this knot, and we were taught to tie the weak form.
some of those adventures are wonderfully encouraging -- he's got to go to school.
so we're done, we can go home -- finished the origin question.
commoditized where they're treated like a commodity, where people don't care who makes them.
lewis pugh swims the north pole
then -- this is a nice image of it, there's the labyrinth.
under the cotonou agreement, formerly known as the lome convention, african countries have been given an opportunity by europe to export goods, duty-free, to the european union market.
now, we've had several extinction events, and as we march forward -- 65 million years ago -- most of you know about it -- we had an asteroid impact.
we could avoid about 500,000 people dying, but perhaps more importantly, we could avoid about a million people getting infected every year.
and so, i'm talking to the players, because most of the nba teams, nfl teams and all the other teams have done this 40 days of purpose, based on the book.
so, japan had a fiscal real estate crisis back in the late '80s.
so i realized then that i wanted to go out on a journey and see what guys were creating for themselves now.
she's a veterinarian, so she's seen lots of ultrasounds.
after we finished, armstrong straightened his tie, put on a wool sports jacket, and we headed out into the glare.
and the reason it has a fountain in the courtyard is i wanted one and i had the checkbook, so i bought one and put it there.
so that's what it is all about.
and these types of technologies, i see, have the potential to transform the face of hunger and nutrition, malnutrition out on the front lines.
no, we speed them up, don't we? so we used to dial; now we speed dial.
and you also need to make it intrinsically interesting.
but this complement may be much inferior to what, with other laws and institutions, the nature of its soil, climate, and situation might admit of.
enzymes that chew things up, antibodies, its all, you know, the fit between a protein and whatever it is grabbing, in this case a smell.
so on the wayside we found these dung cakes, which are used as a fuel.
i've put a bunch of examples up here.
there's only one absolute reality by definition, one absolute being by definition, because absolute is, by definition, single, and absolute and singular.
and also to help you, to help the community so you can do ads on that rover, we are going to train that rover to actually in addition to do this, to actually serve cocktails, you know, also on mars.
and so we got to the grave and made this, which was hilarious -- the attention that we got.
and it makes no difference to their life expectancy at all.
but also, after you see the bridge on opening day, you'll see an interesting clip of work done by a bridge engineer at cambridge named allan mcrobie, who figured out what happened on the bridge, and who built a bridge simulator to explain exactly what the problem was.
the stucco on the walls of most of the buildings in rome covers the scars; the scars of centuries of change as these structures have been adapted rather than being torn down.
based on a dictate premise that says, 'i'm a boss, you do what i say, without trust.' i said this can't be.
oh, this is a little pony, little pony -- very cute little thing.
well, we had a lot of them.
anjali's father, a drunkard, sold his child for pornography.
best of all, i'm healthier, i know that i'm going to live longer, and i've even lost a little weight.
suppose martian scientists came to earth.
so grace and her friend are on a tour of a chemical factory, and they take a break for coffee.
misha glenny hire the hackers
until i got to my house, where the client was my wife.
stem cells may be used as building blocks to repair damaged scaffolds within our body, or to provide new liver cells to repair damaged liver.
really, we have two separate concepts mapped onto the same word.
later he renamed it the stethoscope.
and that closing-off closed off my vitality and my life energy.
our brain is made up of billions of active neurons, around 170,000 km of combined axon length.
side street in italy.
what happened?
there, you really did see the intelligence of the web manifest itself.
what we found is that only 25 percent of job successes are predicted by i.q.
and to certain extent it is, but i want to stress a couple of points.
but anyway, this was the house, and they all lived there.
so, in fact at this point there are only 200 breeding gharial left in the wild.
the earth rotated, as did our management, and as if by divine intervention, things came together to help this revolution take shape.
to get a sense of this, and it's been a theme we've talked about all week, i recently talked to a bunch of tweeners.
and her mother, demeter, goddess of the earth, is sad, and makes it cold and barren.
it's the coolest stuff.
when we first found it, we weren't even sure what family this thing belonged to, so we just called it the dr. seuss fish, because it looked like something out of one of those books.
you want to make something that the machine can read.
basically they went to the ballot boxes to tell that they have nobody to vote for.
and if there is a fundamental violation of our human dignity that we would all say is horrific, it's slavery.
bg so instead of jumping off a plane, yes?
we share 98.8 percent of the genes.
it has a child running through a field, or something like that.
it's called abegg variations, by robert schumann, a german 19th century composer.
now, have a look at that. that's the anesthesiology machine.
dh tell them about our bio and stuff.
the other thing which was so challenging about this swim is not just the altitude.
dp what are you guys doing?
the patent had 64 pages of text and 271 figures.
what i have in mind is terrorism happens here; we overreact to it.
animals,evolution,exploration,fish,oceans,science,short talk,technology
so, i believe the invention of the computer internet is an inevitable consequence of a previously proven, biologically successful model.
they would propose -- actually there were about six volumes written on this -- a crisis relocation plan that was dependent upon the united states having three to four days warning that the soviets were going to attack us.
islam actually, as a monotheistic religion, which defined man as a responsible agent by itself, created the idea of the individual in the middle east and saved it from the communitarianism, the collectivism of the tribe.
it's because young men get upset.
and what do you do with this food? you cook it
i review gadgets and stuff.
that might shift the level of consciousness around the fundamental issues that humanity faces -- if we did it just for a day.
thanks very much, and give me your card and sometime we'll talk.
it's not considered vintage -- she just likes certain music to sound a certain way.
as i say, it's just those three simple rules, plus the one about watch out for predators.
now actually we've looked in several different cortical areas in the monkey learning this task.
to try this one, the maker of it let me and my wife spend the night in the manhattan showroom.
he spelled moriarty with only one 'i'.
but here's something.
of those newborns, one in 10 roughly, if it's not treated, the jaundice gets so severe that it leads to either a life-long disability, or the kids could even die.
rs yeah. so ivan has this cheese sandwich, and he says, yum yum yum yum yum
it's skin from his back.
so, let's have some very few examples to get a sense of what i'm talking about here.
even now, our choices are having unintended effects.
and we're also joined by brent lawson from lawson frisk securities.
but at some point, all these people had a very similar experience that converged at a fortune cookie and at a chinese restaurant, and all these chinese restaurants were serving fortune cookies, which, of course we know aren't even chinese to begin with.
it's very interesting that that should be specific.
so you are not talking about low cost, you are talking about ultra-low cost.
so we think of things as, oh, i'm going to get more, or oh, i'm going to get less.
i decided to write a piece for choir a couple of years later as a gift to this conductor who had changed my life.
but remember, philanthropy is about giving of time and talent, not just money.
that's my father's letter to me, telling me to marry the woman i first married when i was 20.
every kid has the right to milk at school.
ts so something like this.
can it be for every man, or is this just for corporations and movie producers?
i was drinking this guy's kool-aid so much, he could have served me goose feathers and i would have been like, this guy's a genius, you know?
no, i've got so many legs in here.
and you can tell that, really, only the smallest fragments of branches are contained inside this cube.
so i want you to use your imaginations, thinking of these wall-high objects, some of them 10 meters wide, depicting lavish court scenes with courtiers and dandies who would look quite at home in the pages of the fashion press today, thick woods with hunters crashing through the undergrowth in pursuit of wild boars and deer, violent battles with scenes of fear and heroism.
when faced with a parent suffering from alzheimer's, most of us respond with denial or extreme efforts at prevention. but global health expert and ted fellow alanna shaikh sees it differently. she's taking three concrete steps to prepare for the moment -- should it arrive -- when she herself gets alzheimer's disease.
and we not only could study them, but we could ask them questions about what was in them.
one thing the managers were trying to do was to track down our cameras.
and yeeyan is a group of 150,000 volunteers who get online every day.
one the one hand, i have a husband who's annoyingly lean and incredibly handsome.
and then of course, there was the other adage.
and i'm not sure that was real interaction.
and this is the kind of call that is used by, say, right whale mothers and calves as they separate to come back again.
it's one sided. it's a bottle whose inside is its outside.
instead of building play, this can be approached with role-play.
but a lot of money has been thrown out at the local level and at the federal level to look at infectious diseases.
so i time-stamp my life every few moments.
so we thought that these expos quite often have a lot of state financed propaganda, images, statements, but no real experience.
this is a dna synthesizer, and here at the bottom are just bottles of a, t, c and g -- the four chemicals that make up our dna chain.
the editor said, with enormous disdain, i read this.
and if you think this is absurd, it's not.
that's year by year. this comes from our friends at gapminder.com.
so, if there is nothing you can do to slow your aging or stop your aging, what am i doing here?
we get to do the classic.
every time you get some security, you're always trading off something.
643
and if you ask him what he likes to do he will say, i like sleeping.
i mean romantic in the sense of, there are things larger and grander than us.
chris anderson that was remarkable.
this was the big bang, the beginning of the universe.
so we need to design a future for learning.
a vaccine would be a terrific thing, only they don't work yet.
and we found that 10 out of the 11 100,000-base pair pieces we synthesized were completely accurate and compatible with a life-forming sequence.
so, we were talking about the differences between the traditions and what many people perceived as the tragedy of the destruction of the bamiyan buddhas, but i offered the suggestion that perhaps we could look at this in a positive way.
bharti seeks to liberate this everyday cliche, as she calls it, by exploding it into something spectacular.
there's something sacred about a space where you can work on a project, and you don't have to justify to anyone that it's going to make a lot of money, that it's going to save mankind, or even that it's feasible.
it ties to origami. so let me start.
kb twice. ok, extend your left arm out in front of you.
so they're working on enhancing everything touch, smell -- everything they can, in order to find the perfect mate.
from these interludes come deep insights and amazing new approaches to solving the problems that had them frustrated just moments before.
in a presentation that can only be described as epic, comedian charles fleischer delivers a hysterical send-up of a time-honored ted theme the map. geometry, numbers, charts and stamp art also factor in , as he weaves together a unique theory of everything called moleeds.
woman we're hoping we can use part of this in a national commercial, right?
but it was only the beginning.
maybe you're familiar with this literature.
thank you. that was it, by the way.
it helps to have good friends.
and along the way, please take time to smell the flowers, especially if you and your students grew them.
most of the population growth of the next 50 years will be in cities.
these are images that come from hanna damasio's lab, and which show you, in a living brain, the reconstruction of that brain.
those females are passing the pcbs in the fat of their own mother's milk into their offspring, and their offspring don't survive.
well, not quite. because darwin was talking about our distant ancestry, our common ancestry with apes.
now, contrary to what many people believe, terrorism is actually a very expensive business.
and on my weekends i would go up, just like all the other tourists, to the top of the empire state building, and i'd look down on this landscape, on these ecosystems, and i'd wonder, how does this landscape work to make habitat for plants and animals?
they want to hold on to what they've got.
in 1997, a convention, under the auspices of the oecd, which obliged everybody to change their laws and criminalize foreign bribery.
that's the retreat of this glacier.
and what we learned is cesar's work is far too good to explain in the new york times magazine.
so if this gentleman had had a holistic education, would he be sitting there?
these first images are from greenland.
no, no, no, shush. we've got to go quickly.
can i have the feeler here?
but before we consign ourselves to despair, maybe we should just go back and say, did we get this right?
and what could it do if it could look back at us?
it doesn't interfere with computers or electrical equipment.
so our thought was to literally put the theater on its head to take those things that were previously defined as front-of-house and back-of-house and stack them -- above house and below house -- and to create sort of what we started to call a theater machine.
rg but for us, the continuity between nerve and babble was not just the life stage thing, which is, of course, relevant, but it was really more about our desire to speak very honestly about subjects that people have difficulty speaking honestly about.
we just take seawater and we filter it, and we collect different size organisms on different filters, and then take their dna back to our lab in rockville, where we can sequence a hundred million letters of the genetic code every 24 hours.
it was about 1960.
you may teach them whatever creed you think is most important, but i say you have a responsibility to let them be informed about all the other creeds in the world, too.
so any accusations of corruption or backdoor dealings between authorities or business would arouse a social outcry or even unrest.
so you're going to be kind of going up and doing some work, and then you're going to come down from that work, and then maybe it's time to check that email, or check that i.m.
there's no clear backup system that we've very carefully kept to be independent of the internet, made out of completely different sets of building blocks.
but here is a mushroom that's past its prime.
but when i saw this, i was really fascinated, because it seemed lifelike.
but there's a good explanation for that.
they understood it, they embraced the technology and they run with it, and theyre successful.
she's given me her blessing to share this story with you.
they don't have any carbon content.
i mean, if you have an idea worth spreading, surely you can put it into something shorter than 2,300 words.
and there are certainly many people in the audience who will be cheering you on as you seek to advance this global ethic. thank you so much for coming to ted.
this, no doubt, is the reason why a million people a week are gathering in cities.
my heartbeat would go from 120, to 50, to 150, to 40, to 20, to 150 again.
or let's try asking about, i don't know, the international space station.
it never reaches the ground where it was meant for.
but the domestic was much easier to do.
holding down the right flank of the oecd, all the way on the other side, is greece.
and so i want to tell you about that first, and then go on into where i think love is going.
health,health care,medicine,science
i would start by asking people to rate their happiness between one and 10, which is kind of inherently absurd.
start the story with the arrows of the native americans, and not with the arrival of the british, and you have an entirely different story.
thank you, ted.
well, we deduce it by the direction that the ray is traveling as it enters our eye, right?
here is where we want you to channel this money.
and if i look at french texts, it looks a little bit different, or italian or german.
that's the theme of my next 15 minutes here.
there are examples of this kind of action in mexico.
and the third path is meaning.
we now are treating 325 people a month, despite the fact that almost 100 percent of the aids patients are now treated at home.
and it was introduced only for the u.s. dollars.
in fact, in the area where she comes from, more than 90 percent of the tasmanian devil population has already died of this disease.
the eldorado of the united states of america the discovery of inexhaustible gold mines in california.
so, from the perspective of engineering, we can ask goven that we know that motion is so important for the human visual system, can we use this as a recipe for constructing machine-based vision systems that can learn on their own, that don't need to be programmed by a human programmer?
there is such a thing as a knee orgasm in the literature.
they're going to be scrambled up.
and this is exactly the symbol of our world.
it's packaged up and bundled up.
it's as though mexico and canada were hostile neighbors to the united states, so these simple projections of the goldman sachs type are not telling us what we need to know about power transition.
but if we want to continue beyond the next hundred years, our future is in space.
but i sort of -- there is an innocence in these animals.
i wanted to show you the stages of smallpox.
i won the world yo-yo contest again in the artistic performance division.
anyone can take pleo and they can totally redo his personality.
that's who we talk about when we think about the poor.
something that was deeper. and as i struggled to understand that, i came up with a way of framing the question that seemed to work for me in my investigations.
you know, to give you a size idea about scale, you know, comparing space to second life, most people don't realize, kind of -- and then this is just like the internet in the early '90s.
it is the voice of life that calls us to come and learn.
and the reason this picture's in here is i did this slide show a couple years ago at a big economics summit, and there was a fellow in the audience who came up to me.
it's as if you remember where the flag was by storing the pattern of firing across all of your place cells at that location, and then you can get back to that location by moving around so that you best match the current pattern of firing of your place cells with that stored pattern.
it would start. it would stop. and i felt all this.
and 1945, after the war, the electronics existed to actually try and build such a machine.
it's true. it's true.
the clue to this came from another marine bacterium, and it's a bacterium called vibrio fischeri.
and, playing, i realized that the maneuverability of this was really amazing, and i could avoid an obstacle at the very last second, more maneuverable than a normal boat.
so the next week i happened to be in new york.
the children's television host mr. rogers always carried in his wallet a quote from a social worker that said, frankly, there isn't anyone you couldn't learn to love once you've heard their story.
and what i need to tell you is that on 100 acres he gets 40,000 pounds of beef; 30,000 pounds of pork; 25,000 dozen eggs; 20,000 broilers; 1,000 turkeys; 1,000 rabbits -- an immense amount of food.
today, i have over a dozen pair of prosthetic legs that various people have made for me, and with them i have different negotiations of the terrain under my feet, and i can change my height -- i have a variable of five different heights.
it can be an indication.
so there's population a, there's population b, and then we activate the system, and protocell bs, they're the blue ones, they all come together. they fuse together to form one big blob, and the other protocell just dances around. and this just happens until all of the energy in the system is basically used up, and then, game over.
we have vast budget deficits.
and so here's the periodic table.
and so that is something that has been in my character for a long time.
so if i want to see the back side, i can flip and see from behind.
i made a lot of mistakes and dumb decisions, of course.
httpwww.ted.comtalkskirkcitronandnowtherealnews.html
we talked about the operation, and then at the end i did what i often do with a force like that.
audience itay talgam hmm ... again.
but imagine what it was like for them when i showed up at their doorstep?
any one of you who has taken someone else's job, or tried to give yours to someone else, no matter how detailed the manual, you cannot transmit what you know, what you will intuit under a certain set of circumstances.
and incentives not just material, but also non-material incentives.
there is now a toilet that has an mp3 player in it.
oh, hey, hey, black-eyed susie hey, hey, black-eyed susie
you can just google it.
this is turbo the penguin.
she's never going to know a world where you can't press a button and have millions of people ready to play.
in this room, all this expertise, if we joined it all together, we could change the world.
this is the billion dollar o-gram, and this image arose out of frustration i had with the reporting of billion-dollar amounts in the press.
and it was kept hot by a thick carbon dioxide atmosphere.
sir, you want to empty your pockets. please, sir?
and just by changing the functions, then i can decide what's going to be transparent and what's going to be visible.
anyway, the question i think people should talk about -- and it's absolutely taboo -- is, how many people should there be?
i just -- you know, because, yes, i'll focus passion on something, but then there will be something else, and then there's something else again.
and you know that chris would say, thank you.
boy that's why.
these are some projects i'm involved in today at mit, looking what comes after computers.
auctioneer going at 1,500,000 dollars. chennai.
they buy it, they dry it and they bring it to this factory, which was purchased in part by, again, patient capital from novartis, who has a real interest in getting the powder so that they can make coartem.
and now look at this second set of slides.
alongside that is don't think twice, it's all right.
so what we're really getting out of this is information of the structure of the brain, but we can also measure the difference in magnetic properties of blood that's oxygenated and blood that's depleted of oxygen.
and it includes exercises that show you not just how to solve these puzzles, but how to extract the principles that will let you solve mathematical puzzles or problems in science, other areas.
and after 20 days we landed successfully in egypt.
i said, do you pray?
and then 10 years from now, billions will again have gone into africa, and we would still have the same problems.
what's the right thing to do?
we think it is easy money.
in short, technology, the internet, they have changed our lifestyle.
ok. that completely destroys the relationship between the business and the sidewalk, where the theoretical pedestrians are.
it was like the waiting room in the doctor's office.
the ashaninka people are known throughout south america for their dignity, their spirit and their resistance, starting with the incas and continuing through the 19th century with the rubber tappers.
but then at the very end is where we have the instrumental record in black.
now i'm going to tell it to you, and it's going to seem obvious that that is correct, and that's the point, right? then i'm going to have to make an argument why you're incorrect about the other assumption.
we're in the fine city of oxford.
so, i'll label this for you in a second.
so they divided the daycare centers into two groups.
that's the american experience.
so how do we diagnose that conversation?
actually, the reason that google was such a success is because they were the first ones to take advantage of the self-organizing properties of the web.
we couldn't live in a concentrated way simply because there was no resources.
1192
so i just think it is the coolest thing that a teenager invented a product that helped save the lives of thousands of animals.
437
bj not being able to talk to one another while they're onstage because they're mic'd.
the only thing you should focus on would be to reduce existential risk because even the tiniest decrease in existential risk would just overwhelm any other benefit you could hope to achieve.
and you feel really quite -- believe it or not -- detached from the instrument and from the stick, even though i'm actually holding the stick quite tightly.
if you want to put something on the web there are three rules first thing is that those http names -- those things that start with http -- we're using them not just for documents now, we're using them for things that the documents are about.
if you cut, with a sharp knife, one of the florets of a cauliflower and look at it separately, you think of a whole cauliflower, but smaller.
of course, camera angle is everything. the photographer is over there, and this board appears to overlap with this one, and this one with that one, and so on.
httpwww.ted.comtalkstomwujecdemosthe13thcenturyastrolabe.html
imagine what the world was like 40 years ago when it was just the saturday evening post and time and newsweek.
they've taken to just firing into the prison camp at random for fun.
and this is so powerful that, when they tweak their stats, when they say your crops wilt after eight hours, or after six hours, or after 24 hours, it changes the lifecycle of 70 million-some people during the day.
they put it into worm recomposting systems, which produced a lot of worms, which they fed to siberian sturgeon, which produced caviar, which they sold back to the restaurants.
one morning, in the year 1957, the neurosurgeon walter penfield saw himself like this, a weird freak with huge hands, huge mouth, and a tiny bottom.
we need more of a yin and yang between these two types.
i think what this is all about, this whole movement which is growing from the margins, remains quite small.
652
and really, they fundamentally told you, are you going to hug a tree, or are you going to hug a child? pick.
but, you know what? it's very, very regular.
we have a me that is automatically present in our minds right now.
you can go then and study corals and figure out how often do you see this.
i sometimes wonder.
so there it sits on our shelves obsolete to us, but with immediate latent value to someone else.
many of these buildings are incredibly beautiful, and also much more effective.
it also means that he will be able to generate wealth.
once you tell me you would like to save more in the future, let's say every january you're going to be saving more automatically and it's going to go away from your paycheck to the 401 plan before you see it, before you touch it, before you get the issue of immediate gratification.
you can pinch into any page.
if you master these, you master price, and if you don't master these, you can master the little noise as well as you can, but it's not important.
and yes, it's really fun, and yes, you should all go out and try it.
and miss banks was there as a great mentor for me.
now look at his response.
you have to present yourself in digital life in a similar way that you would in your analog life.
he was telling them they no longer had any moral authority, that nobody needed them for emotional support anymore, and they were not really the providers.
you see people who are really shell-shocked.
just incredible.
but darwin shows that its just false.
i think actually this is not so much a shift from the west to the east; something different is happening.
i don't really think of myself as a designer, i don't really think of myself necessarily as a fashion designer.
and of course, we'll be even richer than that.
we can cope with the subtleties of language brilliantly -- and there are interesting evolutionary questions about how we got here.
at the time, this was thought to be a one-off.
this is a material you all know is styrofoam, but i like to think of it as toxic white stuff.
islam,art,arts,culture,film
and we said, that's incredible
i was walking through el dorado -- it's a prison town, famous prison, or infamous prison -- in venezuela, and i dont know what possessed me, because this was not like me.
we have perception, computation and non-visual interfaces.
this is the first one. this is an electrocardiogram.
and i'd like to suggest that if we take a different view of design, and focus less on the object and more on design thinking as an approach, that we actually might see the result in a bigger impact.
there are no trees left.
and it's really, just sort of -- for me, it was just really about the lusciousness of oil.
and we need people from all walks of life; not just inventors, we need policymakers and government officials to also think about how they're going to respond to this challenge.
culture,philosophy,success,work
and the fallacy comes from idealizing a past that we have forgotten about.
so let me stretch out that equation.
i was walking. i heard beep, beep.
neil turok makes his ted prize wish
let patients help.
now i just want to wrap up, and as i was mentioning earlier of course i have a lot of other data if you're interested, but i just wanted to give this sort of basic idea of being able to communicate with the brain in its language, and the potential power of being able to do that.
it just so happens to be in the sixth through 10th floor of the building, but that is not necessarily an expensive approach.
you probably heard some of them the man who surfed the wave, the teenage girl who recognized the danger because she had just been learning about tsunamis at school.
but who's counting?
and they got really excited about it. they liked the film, but they said, you know, we really see this as kind of the next wave in the study of human origins, where we all came from, using the tools of dna to map the migrations around the world.
you can't quite stop.
and then just last spring we released virtual choir 3, water night, another piece that i had written, this time nearly 4,000 singers from 73 different countries.
this is one i remember fondly.
and the opec nations are the ones that price the oil.
there are no guns going off.
the one new thing is this essay.
and here i've been working for the last three years with a south bronx developer to bring art to life to low-income buildings and affordable housing.
and that makes it extraordinarily interesting as a place to explore.
the zones of production and distribution tend to lie in the developing world, and they are often threatened by appalling violence and bloodshed.
i find that the best results in life are often held back by false constructs and untested assumptions.
this is a very serious research, that you should read the underline.
richard can answer that, because he made that decision.
and this is hard to read, but this says battle for new hampshire howard dean for president -- articles on howard dean.
but my argument is, what's wrong with cafeterias?
fast forward -- 11 years later, i'm a 25-year-old kid.
but over four generations, he and his family have literally transformed this extra hard land into a tasting menu.
and she said, oh no just dis everybody, except ralph nader.
there is, there's a third alternative.
you could fight for your country, you could die for your country, you could serve in your country's civil service, but you didn't really have the information and the knowledge and the ability to help build the stronger society in the way that you do now.
it's the forever-always-on museum.
i have been really lucky with this technology all of a sudden as it is ready, the world is ready to accept it.
it's better than a new monitor. it's better than new software, or whatever people typically use.
i'm allowing myself to go into chaos because out of chaos, i'm hoping some moments of truth will come.
it's now two years that you've been running?
and having thought about this a little bit, i see a couple different possibilities.
i think 2010 can be a really interesting year because it is the end of the 30-year cycle, and it's the birthday of the global food system.
i worked up a portfolio, and i was headed to new york.
it's about getting a spacecraft that's hurtling through deep space and using all this bag of tricks to somehow figure out how to get it down to the surface of mars at zero miles an hour.
so you really can bring into a village, and then the villages can connect themselves, and you really can do it quite well.
we evolved as a species near the equator, and so we're very well-equipped to deal with 12 hours of daylight and 12 hours of darkness.
and that's when you started to get seven different kinds of vinegar, and 14 different kinds of mustard, and 71 different kinds of olive oil -- and then eventually even ragu hired howard, and howard did the exact same thing for ragu that he did for prego.
there will always be another frontier.
and of course, coalmines are very dangerous places because in some of these coalmines, you get gas. when that gas blows up, people die. so you're producing a biogas out of coal in some mines, but not in others.
and then we bring that into software, and we reassemble it and we tell you what the story is.
and now, of course, the whole technology is obsolete.
this is what it looks like.
but darwin doesn't only explain the evolution of a single idea.
research is showing here, in the states, and in canada and western europe, that most of us are much more open to local companies, or brands that maybe we haven't heard of.
you're going to see some other speakers today, i already know, who are going to talk about breaking-bones stuff, and, of course, with technology it never is.
so if you spend 2,000 dollars, and let's say the telephone lasts 10 years, and if 5,000 dollars every year -- so that's 50,000 dollars.
there's just blame.
you act compassionately.
we're collecting and creating all kinds of data about how we're living our lives, and it's enabling us to tell some amazing stories.
i want to change the verb.
right now, we need to start our own art.
you know, you're going to have these kind of blurry spots like this that maybe only resemble eyes in a very very abstract way.
not only can they do it very well, they do it in a sort of lazy way.
you would think that person might have made a lot of money, achieved renown in some field.
and if avian flu hits, or for any other reason the world decides that malaria is no longer as much of a priority, everybody loses.
one of these four different shapes is actually a rotated version of this shape. i want you to tell me which one the first one, second one, third one or fourth one?
and another counselor said to me after the training, you know, i never knew why i survived the killings in my village, but now i know, because i am part of a nucleus of a new peaceful society in afghanistan.
so this is a close connection between nakedness and water.
and now they have a third daughter, and the daughters, all of them, are being tutored in education because saima knows what's really important.
so i started thinking about peace, and i was obviously, as i said to you, very much moved by these images, trying to make sense of that.
that means that glacier's floating and it's unstable, and you're about to see the consequences of that floating.
why the need for accumulating money, then doing philanthropy?
in the midst of revolution in the streets and rock and roll concerts in the parks, a group of researchers led by people like john mccarthy, a computer scientist at the stanford artificial intelligence lab, and doug engelbart, a computer scientist at sri, changed the world.
this research is funded by the public.
luckily i started to get some clients that had a little more money, so the stuff was a little more permanent.
we think we can build these in high volumes for about 25 dollars, in low volumes for about 40 dollars.
this is blood.
an example of an organism or two that happens to be quite immortal would be plant seeds or bacterial spores.
in global terms, it's a little bit of money.
the glass was then -- i'll just use the word impregnated -- but it had a layer of metal that was called stressed metal.
and when making connections is of the essence, the power of technology emerges with special intensity.
and you have to tell me which one.
they're also very obsessed with status.
there are four major conferences on building blood cell-sized devices; there are many experiments in animals.
and what we have to do to do that is we have to limit access to certain information.
it grew as light and oxygen increased.
he got caught. he got tried.
there are only 16 different pieces of wood, only 16 different assembly parts here.
so 70 years on, there's been some research where cognitive psychologists have actually sussed out the extent to which, you know, l, m and b are more associated with shapes that look like this, and p, t and k are perhaps more associated with shapes like this.
after three books on this, it got to be a bit much, in a way.
i liked your book, he said, but i wish you had written it differently.
which means that it is irreducibly difficult to find out how it will really behave, and whether it matches our physical universe.
641
and again, technology meant that i could do the fastest abseil over 100 meters, and stop within a couple of feet of the ground without melting the rope with the friction, because of the alloys i used in the descender device.
and every year there's research done on self-reported shyness among college students.
hi. i'm here to talk to you about the importance of praise, admiration and thank you, and having it be specific and genuine.
the problem is hydrodynamics.
is this the design that's going to work in place?
but the big thing that really influenced us was, her sister wrote to me, and she said, you know, and she wrote on this blog, that -- writing her blog during the last couple of months of her life was probably the best thing that had happened to her, and being able to talk to people, being able to share what was going on, and being able to write and receive comments.
but i have seen first hand that if we do, they will multiply.
and i'm grateful for my mentors, and i'm sure all of you are too.
so, 100 billion galaxies, 13.7 billion light years away -- a step in size from that to monterey, actually, is about the same as from monterey to these things.
her wavering step into the world.
sb you know, everybody says it's 10 years, but it's been 10 years every 10 years.
so the next picture shows you the three-dimensional version of this rotating around.
that's very good. i love that.
that was bob's last record, yeah.
the bad news is that you have to look hard to find them.
the anger in me against corruption made me to make a big career change last year, becoming a full-time practicing lawyer.
the experiments are incredibly simple.
no, what i'm suggesting is that we should leap off, we should increase our velocity so it's high, and we should leap off one side and go the other -- of course, having calculated our differential equation very carefully.
they certainly didn't need to talk to origami artists.
it is so significant that, in my mind, this was an event that should have been celebrated with ticker tape parades in every city across the u.s. and europe, and sadly, that wasn't the case.
and other children in curiosity come up and poke the lesion, because -- a natural curiosity.
so we decided that we needed a set of rules, and we came up with a number.
i can't make noise.
the amount of iq in good numeric analysis, both inside google and microsoft and outside, with analysts and people of various opinions -- should they have spent on that?
it's done very well. i love this puzzle.
as if i had asked them to pass the salt.
because we were in the age before anesthesia, the agony of the patient is really as much of the public spectacle as the surgery itself.
and we asked ourselves, why couldn't it be exhibitionistic, like the met, or like some of the other buildings at lincoln center?
community,global issues,health,medicine,politics,science,women
so if i overlay, and if you overlay all these comfort envelopes, what we see is, in all these places, air temperature has been ranging something from 25 to 35, and if you go on the line, 30, of 30 degrees c ambient temperatures. if you go along that line you see there has been all kind of comfort, all kinds of perceived outdoor comfort, ranging from very comfortable to very uncomfortable.
the greeks believed that weeping together created a bond between people.
and that's to take isaac mizrahi's advice and confront the manipulation of it all, and sort of admit that manipulation is something that we enjoy, but also enjoy how it happens.
and that's sort of like the novelty standard for a u.s. patent, which fashion designers never get -- rarely get here in the states.
think of one of the letters.
so this is really exciting to me.
so in orthodox jewish communities, every friday you go to a mikveh.
they already have four children beside them. you can see them.
now, instead of crude tools made of sticks and stones, israel now had iron plows, and sickles, and hoes and military weapons.
i think it would make a huge difference.
well it turns out that the main causes are faulty and misused appliances and electrical wiring.
how should we think of an electron in relation to e8?
you can't roll a stop sign in cambridge without hitting a graduate student.
infants don't respond to much.
no, we are talking about 10 million, 20 million dollars on the swiss bank accounts, on the bank accounts of liechtenstein, of the president's ministers, the high officials in the para-statal sectors.
and only a few people can do it.
before that i feel like i wasn't like this.
and we thought a solar-powered plane wouldn't really make sense, but you could do it and it would get a lot of publicity for solar power and maybe help that field.
and indeed, this is just one of the examples of the junk that flows across the tubes in these internets here.
and so every time that desire to interact with the animals, which is at least as ubiquitous as that sign do not feed the animals.
in total, there are more than 70 major diseases affecting more than a billion people worldwide, that all look on the surface to be different from one another, but all actually share abnormal angiogenesis as their common denominator.
his parents were jewish, russian and above all, very poor.
well first we heard what's known as a non-contracted denial.
this was absolutely key for us. this is a very intimate form of connection.
that would be a fun thing to do.
but too many rules prevent accomplished jazz musicians from improvising.
because none of us -- at least in the global north -- neither men nor women, are fully exempt from this message.
such an approach would literally, in a flash of light, overcome many of the obstacles to discovery.
and i'll let her take it from there.
so it could be that the pathways that i've been talking about, which are set to run really quickly in the worm, have a different normal set point in something like a bird, so that a bird can live a lot longer.
19 trillion dollars is what we're going to have to spend.
at this time there was a -- the main question was about english.
so, there are never complete answers.
what is it about a big brain that nature was so eager for every one of us to have one?
it's a target in the thalamus.
the two blobs that are light in the middle there are the united states and europe.
they're learning our culture, our language, our heritage and realizing we're just as different and just the same as each other.
all that you need to do, all that the elites need to do, is to move this operation into something that is enclosed so that the operation can be made more efficient.
in fact, he said it was 70 to 80 percent of how we actually take care of our bodies.
i'm here today, as june said, to talk about a project that my twin sister and i have been doing for the past three and half years.
in sangin where i was sick in 2002, the nearest health clinic was within three days walk.
two years later, she comes back with stage three c ovarian cancer.
in the same valley there are modern human remains from about the same date, 30,000 years ago, and some of those are from local chert, but more -- but many of them are made from obsidian from a long way away.
so we have two prototypes.
einstein had already used up space and time, warps and curves, to describe gravity.
they take iron and manganese minerals within the bedrock and they oxidize them.
the project has a number of parts to it.
he said, did you know you're going to die the same place you were born, new york city, and it's going to be in january of '35?
so, at best, the image is meant to float away into abstraction and multiple truths and fantasy.
so, do you believe it's possible to see through somebody else's eyes?
but that can't be what made the difference.
the hacker is absolutely central to many of the political, social and economic issues affecting the net.
technology is transforming the face of food vulnerability in places where you see classic famine.
and so i put them all together and sewed 12 of them in this suit.
if i come up and i dictate to the band that i want to play like this and i want the music to go this way, and i just jump right in ...
i was there to view something called a long-duration balloon flight, which basically takes telescopes and instruments all the way to the upper atmosphere, the upper stratosphere, 40 km up.
but the problem is, we have a system that is completely -- basically promoted this.
so, when you look at this chart, you look at the very last -- it's a logarithmic chart on a horizontal scale -- you look at the very end we've got quite a long way to go to get to the 2015 goal of 50 percent.
people didn't know what caused it until the early 1900s, when a british military man figured out that it was mosquitoes.
and it's those two things together -- ancient human motivation and the modern tools to allow that motivation to be joined up in large-scale efforts -- that are the new design resource.
now today, we're not talking about good and bad tv.
we changed it to social diseases and people came along with acne and spots, but nobody came with vd any more.
and they're not people who like to ask for help, although they are the most helpful people ever.
i don't want to be haunted by such images any more.
after this, we wanted to see if we could implement this and automate the system, so we used the same system but we added a structure to it so we could activate the machine.
dancers at a street corner -- it's a crowd, a small one, but they can all obviously see what each other can do.
at that point, we were looking for a fuel that was cleaner, it was cheaper, and it wasn't ours though, it was theirs.
and this is only done in four hours, 50 times faster than the current state of the art, at a cost that will be five to 500 times cheaper than the current options.
so sharks aren't quite as dangerous as most people make them out to be.
and that was something that reoccurred throughout the project, was, the smaller the scale you want to work on, the further back in time you have to go.
thank you. bl thank you very much.
this is the way we treat people as responsible adults.
when i first went to the maldives, dead keen on diving, spent as much of my time as i could in and under the water.
this is a rugged and barren landscape, yet there are quite a few spiders here.
i don't want to write that stuff.
just do it
when i first came out to the gulf, i came to kuwait in the days when it was still a hardship post.
bf from six to seven. dh that's a world's record. bf really? dh for us.
and it's like a funny sound effect that follows you around if you don't turn the thing off.
i mean that's pretty dramatic for our own country.
because we have almost finished, i'll repeat this story.
and that is a task to which einstein set himself -- to figure out how gravity works.
and our minds immediately turned to cervical cancer in women, which is spread by a virus, and to the aids epidemic, which is associated with a number of different types of cancer.
that if these creatures who are living on cold surfaces -- either on europa, or further out, anywhere where you can live on a cold surface -- those creatures must be provided with reflectors.
yet that is exactly what the american paradigm demands.
votes can't go missing because then you won't find yours when you look for it.
what do you do? of course you can call the police.
count dracula teeth in the mouths of your neighbors?
and the rate at which the arctic sea ice is going away is a lot quicker than models.
we need to spend more time appreciating what already exists, and less time agonizing over what else we can do.
what was going on was the fundamental shift in middle eastern history.
trained liespotters get to the truth 90 percent of the time.
if you were not abu azzam's daughter ...
it turns out that -- you see this sign on almost every commercial vessel in the united states -- you know, if you spilled a couple of gallons of oil, you would be in big trouble.
work in my lab is focused on the first critical period in development -- and that is the period in which babies try to master which sounds are used in their language.
of course, we know today that galaxies extend far beyond our own galaxy.
they're reporting five things drop of truancy to almost zero; attending parent-teacher meetings -- which nobody did and now almost everybody does -- drop in discipline problems; increase in student participation -- teachers are now saying it's kind of fun to teach; kids are engaged -- they have laptops -- and then the fifth, which interests me the most, is that the servers have to be turned off at certain times at night because the teachers are just getting too much email from the kids asking them for help.
we are used to looking at charts like that, and you see this red line showing the air temperature in june and july, and yes, that's right, it's picking up to 45 degrees c.
my balloon will expand to 500 times and look like a big pumpkin when it's at the top.
that's what brings the monsoon rain.
how does it work to make habitat for animals like me?
now, fortunately for celine, our meeting did not end in my office.
you can deploy power in a wide range of ways.
and every one of those scientists is in a research group, and every research group studies a wide variety of topics.
most of the biomass in the ocean is made out of creatures like this.
so the first is, it turns anyone who has access to a mobile phone -- anyone who has a mobile phone -- essentially into an atm machine.
we treat these patients in a rather crude fashion at this point in time.
we have two identical tiles, on the left, one in a dark surround, one in a light surround.
this is the last picture before gene and tim headed back.
died in the camps, that too people -- or jews anyway -- kept from their children back then.
another suit. lg diamonds, perfect.
and only 16 people survived that journey.
and so forget about evolution in a kind of metaphysical way.
man it really started moving sideways and slightly up and down, rather like being on the boat.
they'll have loving families and welcoming homes, but they may not have me.
and when i say quite common, it could still be so rare that no one island of life ever encounters another, which is a sad thought.
and perhaps to you this product may not look like high tech, but if you can imagine the time when this occurred -- it was in the mid '40s -- this was really, in his view, a pretty piece of high tech.
the human hand, in manipulation of objects, is the hand in search of a brain; the brain is in search of a hand; and play is the medium by which those two are linked in the best way.
this is 6,500 yards, after corot. 9,000 yards, after gerhard richter.
now we had an interest in getting tissue samples for genetics because we knew they were very valuable.
ab '66 -- turn to the calendar with 1966 -- and what month?
so, i thought, let's build something that's mutually beneficial.
each one was more beautiful than the other.
or we could use the saved gas directly to cover all of this balance, or if we used it as hydrogen, which is more profitable and efficient, we'd get rid of the domestic oil too.
the film, without his permission or even knowledge at first, found its way onto the internet.
but then i stopped, because i figured i was this hot-shot guy and i shouldn't have to work at ideas, they should just come like magic.
we've talked about the soil erosion.
and so gradually the selection, the composition of politicians, would shift from the crooked to the honest.
the hind legs have got the same action.
the phones just aren't ringing about the people.
put your money where you mouth is.
and i can now tell you with absolute certainty that an appearance on oprah winfrey will sell 10,000 cds.
and they take advantage of the innocent, the naive, the grieving, the needy people out there.
so, let me show you what happens.
the german camp guards, they've got bored.
ca so, what was the impact of that?
and so an interesting idea is, what if you could take any material that you wanted, or any element on the periodic table, and find its corresponding dna sequence, then code it for a corresponding protein sequence to build a structure, but not build an abalone shell -- build something that, through nature, it has never had the opportunity to work with yet.
you have to know that the lack of daylight can provoke some problem of energy, or problem of libido.
my thinking is, you probably have to go a long way back.
and the reason that it rises in a defective form is because early in the baby's brain's life the machine process is noisy.
but he said this the dogmas of the quiet past are inadequate to the stormy present.
they had to go back in and spend 600,000 pounds putting the walls in. let's stop this madness of open plan classrooms right now, please.
definitely they shouldn't be left out.
the key is, when you look at these variables and you look at this data, you have to understand the data inputs.
education six, seven, eight percent of the economy and growing.
its initial version was skillfully mediated by senator george mitchell.
this is the control room inside of the ship.
so what the sum is actually asking you to do is 16, 16, 16.
it's about six inches deep in the wall, but it just appears like it's coming out of the wall.
ok, reverse your hands.
so, a couple years ago, one of the mentor mothers came back, and she told me a story.
so in front of your eyes, this part just self-assembled.
dean kamen previews a new prosthetic arm
i thought, that guy looks suspicious.
and so, i think the best definition, according to the buddhist view, is that well-being is not just a mere pleasurable sensation.
and i don't think others can judge that. i think it's like character and reputation.
boo hewerdine, thomas dolby, thank you very much for inviting me. it's been a blessing singing for you.
this is a project we're working on right now with a very healthy deadline.
this is such an important swim.
barry schwartz using our practical wisdom
property rights it's not the democracy, folks; it's having the rule of law based on private property rights.
dh whenever you're ready.
there are some good points to be made here, things that we ought to be thinking about, forward planning so that nothing goes too -- well, so that we minimize the turbulence when we actually figure out how to fix aging.
and so then they're all sold in the store. this is near the planks.
this is a young chimp. the young ones are better than the old ones, just like humans.
and in the following months and years, i felt the neurological flow of life itself returning.
we put it in place so we knew it was an accurate position.
everyone who knew me before 911 believes i'm dead.
so i spread it out onto a wooden sheet.
first, the coursework at caltech.
because, actually, i'm a sophomore at college right now.
well, this is the question the edge foundation asked this year, and four of the respondents said, seti.
in the case of the solar system, the idea that the earth is spinning and the surface of the earth is going like a thousand miles an hour, and the earth is going through the solar system about a million miles an hour.
it's 350 people on the committee for oklahoma city, which is why we thought of this as a sort of ad-hoc, spontaneous solution that expanded on union square and the places that were ad-hoc memorials in the city already.
he quotes one innovator who says, the only time a physician and a physicist get together is when the physicist gets sick.
i think that's one of the main changes, also, in architecture that we're starting to look now not for some ideal form, like a latin cross for a church, but actually all the traits of a church so, light that comes from behind from an invisible source, directionality that focuses you towards an altar.
you can start to know where things are.
another lesson is that thou shalt give thanks.
here's how we sample the corals.
and why did i do that?
moreover, he invites us to look under the hood.
children can sleep through the night; the house looks beautiful; you hang them in the window.
this is a new device that is essentially doing that.
it doesn't matter what the calculations are.
i remember, she had some sort of injury to her ankle, an ace bandage, and she had crutches.
that was the one that i studied.
well we can begin to ask those questions also.
and i realized just what had happened to me at swarthmore, this transformation -- the ability to confront problems, complex problems, and to design solutions to those problems.
this is a journal, pnas -- i think it's the proceedings of the national academy of science of the united states of america.
jh and they're non-deterministic.
so it's a little-appreciated fact that most of the animals in our ocean make light.
bjarke ingels 3 warp-speed architecture tales
landscaping.
and here's a little image of that.
so a ray of light could go down, be bent up into the observer's eye, and the observer sees a ray of light here.
it doesn't see any excess cost. it doesn't spend any extra time.
i liked being smart.
in great neck, new york, they call it a pussy-cat.
lots of things that seem simple and not difficult like in the real world, except if you're learning it.
so here's my wife's bad knee on the left, and her just hiking now four months later in aspen, and doing well.
i stopped doing surgery about six years ago and became a full-time writer, as many people know.
and i'll get to implicit versus explicit in a moment.
this is version eight of this software, and do you know what they put in version eight?
to give you a sense of the speed, the scale the computer is just so amazingly fast, o.k.?
now, these are trivial marketing examples, i accept.
and at that time two years ago i mentioned that we were speculating that these jets might in fact be geysers, and erupting from pockets or chambers of liquid water underneath the surface, but we weren't really sure.
it may look silly or even frightening as you walk around with it in your purse, but researchers here in ohio organizing clinical trials for this migraine zapper, say it is scientifically sound -- that, in fact, when the average person gets a migraine, it's caused by something similar to an electrical impulse.
and you have cds in your car, and you go to the symphony.
my dream school at that time was kenya high school, a national school.
why? why are they in the mid-east?
that dna is passed down through our mothers.
mt so over here is low tide, and over here is high tide, and in the middle is the moon.
can i do that one again?
httpwww.ted.comtalksclayshirkyoninstitutionsversuscollaboration.html
and in the three years that i was finance minister, they made an average of 360 million dollars profit per year.
sexually unattractive people leave us cold.
i end with -- the koreans did this.
we then take a scaffold, a biomaterial -- again, looks very much like a piece of your blouse or your shirt -- we then shape that material, and we then use those cells to coat that material one layer at a time -- very much like baking a layer cake, if you will.
i mean, in real life, things are much more nuanced and complex, and there's all of these overlapping stories intersecting and touching each other.
and as he came the second day, i thought, wow, that's really a cartoon lover.
sp we like to give these insurgents a fair chance.
i stopped observing the house for a moment, and when i started observing again, everything had happened.
man 2 unclear you just looked like you turned it on its end. but when you see it like that it's more interesting looking.
but you can publish your stuff online.
and i measured out the lengths of straw, put it on a log-log plot, got the scaling exponent, and it almost exactly matches the scaling exponent for the relationship between wind speed and height in the wind engineering handbook.
it's the spirit inside.
of course, the best vaccine imaginable is only valuable to the extent we get it to everyone who needs it.
and so, that decision to work with his friends -- now he has 550 of them -- was what got ideo started.
the axis of a wheel is staying on the same level, and this hip is staying on the same level as well.
but i want to give the last word back to the novelists, and to philip roth, who ended by saying, the fact remains that getting people right is not what living is all about anyway.
what they have in common is what we see unlocks what we cannot see.
housing 550 babies, this was ceausescu's show orphanage, and so i'd been told the conditions were much better.
and they, according to the research, make the best business leaders.
it is still, in most places, a gray or black box, and it looks the same.
and after aims, shehu wanted to do high-energy physics, and he came to cambridge.
and the bad fats are things like trans-fatty acids and processed food and saturated fats, which we find in meat.
it's about 5.7 gigajoules of energy.
this is an easy sell.
the other thing that's also interesting that's going on here is the fact that intelligence agencies -- and it doesn't matter who they are -- they all operate in an industry where their commodity is information, or restricted access to information.
because it sets a tone and an attitude about how you feel about people long before you give them the speech.
and the third thing it's a symbol of his influence.
and then the buddhists, of course, think that, because we've all had infinite previous lives, we've all been each other's relatives, actually.
the question today is not why did we invade afghanistan?
now i have been playing with ropes and climbing all my childhood, so that's it. i'm 16; i'm becoming a wire walker.
so, you know, sometimes it's incremental.
and everybody outside thought we were dying.
what you notice here is that these snapshots taken from the output of the retina chip are very sparse, right?
so you look around, where you're going to land, you try to make yourself ready.
ted fellows,arts,death,design,green,invention
so that red line there was something that a lot of skeptics said the environmentalists only put in the projections to make the projections look as bad as possible, that emissions would never grow as fast as that red line.
the hourly wage the foot soldiers were earning was 3.50 in an hour.
and i think it's important that people in that kind of position do make a difference.
because i also, i'm going to admit to you, i also thought, how can i be like a hot-shot young full professor who teaches human rights and not know this?
this shaped wok doesn't work very well; this caught fire three times.
ecosia is an internet search engine.
and they can only in a very primitive way, and in a very limited way control their movements.
and then there is an interesting place halfway along an edge, where i can rotate by 180 degrees.
now here's a grain of sand that is from the moon, and you can see that the entire crystal structure is still there.
she doesn't know what she's in for.
because when i started, it seemed very appropriate to me not to use motorized vehicles.
we don't know why, but we do.
there's this one guy, named humberto, from brazil, who unfortunately passed away nine months ago, who said, hey, listen. can you help us answer this question?
and because of this left weighting, the average is actually here, way to the left.
this is my favorite of all time. it's called popularitydialer.com.
the point was nicely summarized by the poet john milton who wrote, the mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven.
this empire is, in fact, the middle east as we now know it, and it's what shapes the middle east as we now know it.
okay, back to bmw. what should they do?
here you can see the set-up where there is a screen with the subtitles behind him.
407
geoff mulgan a short intro to the studio school
so let me end with just a few words about applications that we've found for this.
so, let's see.
without the memory there would be no story to tell.
so which one do you think ivan is going to take?
so to this very, very savvy crowd, i also want to note the digital folks did not invent disruptive.
you want absolute -- this is the zen of presentation, right?
and the typical patient with optimal therapy survives just a little over a year, and only about seven months from the time that the cancer is first treated and then comes back and starts growing again.
and i'm going to give that to you now.
the difference between the dinosaurs and us is that we have a space program and we can vote, and so we can change our future.
that would be the answer.
in general, i'm going to talk about insects and spiders, or mites, let us call them.
back in the '50s and '60s, when i was growing up, little girls were supposed to be kind and thoughtful and pretty and gentle and soft, and we were supposed to fit into roles that were sort of shadowy -- really not quite clear what we were supposed to be.
so i did a few prototypes. i got a small little grant at stanford.
this spring -- there's a collider at brookhaven, on long island -- this spring, it's going to have an experiment in which it creates black holes.
it's a wonderful, amazing thing.
experimentally, this is what we've done in the last year.
and it's significant, isn't it? so you want to risk your life for it.
no, i think that's wrong.
now, you have all been at a mall during the holidays, yes?
so they send them back in recent years.
it lacks the strong connotation that there's definitely no god, and it could therefore easily be embraced by teapot or tooth fairy agnostics.
and what's kind of interesting is that today we have so little darkness.
they were turned off a long time before they got here.
the two numbers are zero -- as in zero footprint or zero oil -- and scale it infinity.
and you have to really wonder who are the laws made for, and who has gotten above the laws.
how do we know when we are ourselves?
do we have a local god who can do little things like parking spaces, but not big things like 500 mile-per-hour waves?
and this is indeed what mike csikszentmihalyi has been talking about, about flow. and it's distinct from pleasure in a very important way.
if you have that, good close relations with other people, work that's meaningful and fulfilling, you don't much need anything else.
the squid is nocturnal, so during the day it buries itself in the sand and sleeps, but then at night it has to come out to hunt.
we've become addicted to their certainty, their assuredness, their definitiveness, and in the process, we have ceded our responsibility, substituting our intellect and our intelligence for their supposed words of wisdom.
however, recently this risd opportunity kind of arose -- going to risd -- and i couldn't reconcile this real easy, because the letters had told me, mit forever.
you will see the records that we have.
and he would know that for essentially every celestial object in the heavens.
if we learn to speak to one another, albeit through translation, then we can begin to see choice in all its strangeness, complexity and compelling beauty.
it's half a human lifetime away.
i'm really, really excited. this is not going to take 50 years at all.
here i got a prison assignment.
and mad and crazy and fun.
and, of course, they couldn't have been because it's in the wrong spot.
it's all conveyor belt, and it makes a book.
what do we learn from that?
so the rawness, i think, in space, the fact that sustainability can actually, in the future translate into a raw space, a space that isn't decorated, a space that is not mannered in any source, but a space that might be cool in terms of its temperature, might be refractive to our desires.
i think donne wrote a poem about that.
the denominator of the gymnosophist's life was infinity.
this is based on the structure of a diamond.
how is it that the sun, 93 million miles away, that somehow it affects the motion of the earth?
httpwww.ted.comtalksphilipzimbardoonthepsychologyofevil.html
and he sees the maggots, and the maggots are kind of looking a little cute.
but the thing was, i wrote this, and my friends read it, and they're like, oh, that mena, she wrote a post about, you know, wanting a stupid thing and being stupid.
and to this day, i have no answer for you.
we have our nucleic dna that everybody thinks of as our dna, but we also have dna in our mitochondria, which are the energy packets of the cell.
we are realizing that this is true.
when it gets to about 160 degrees, the proteins all line up and they create structure, the gluten structure -- what ultimately we will call the crumb of the bread.
they take care of 20,000-odd people today in over 1,000 villages around karnataka.
as you remember, cindy gallop said men don't know the difference between making love and doing porn.
in the meantime i'm also talking to you, so my life is going to complicated. bear with me.
it gives you great powers.
well, what happened when i was a little kid was -- some pretty heavy stuff too.
httpwww.ted.comtalksjodywilliamsarealisticvisionforworldpeace.html
2009 is the 400th anniversary of galileo's first use of the telescope, darwin's 200th birthday, the 150th anniversary of the publication of on the origin of species, the 50th anniversary of seti as a science, the 25th anniversary of the incorporation of the seti institute as a non-profit, and of course, the 25th anniversary of ted.
so this mutual inspiration promotes collaboration, initiative and creativity.
and we know what they are. billions of years ago, and billions of light years away, the material at the center of a galaxy collapsed towards a super-massive black hole.
by focusing on a design, maybe just a single product, i was being incremental and not having much of an impact.
and the reason she brought her mother is that this six-year-old child had been teaching her mother how to read and write.
this is a paleo-climatological map of what africa looked like between 60,000 and 70,000 years ago, reconstructed from all these pieces of evidence that i mentioned before.
there is an indian greeting, which i'm sure some of you know namaste, accompanied by a respectful bow, which, roughly translated means, that which is of god in me greets that which of god is in you.
there was no filter.
my mom was in the audience.
we only have two percent of the world's oil reserves; 65 percent of them are in the persian gulf.
all the intelligence is external to the system; the materials don't have information.
that's down to about 12 to 15 percent.
but this was spotted by an eagle-eye investigator, and he was convicted.
video man the philips bodygroom has a sleek, ergonomic design for a safe and easy way to trim those scruffy underarm hairs, the untidy curls on and around your bleep, as well as the hard to reach locks on the underside of your bleep and bleep. once you use the bodygroom, the world looks different.
the herd was safe within the confines of the park, because of this dedicated group of park rangers.
we see that the signal that's actually in the heart, we can use it to tell people that they're having a heart attack even before they have symptoms so we can save their life.
okay, so 90 percent of my photographic process is, in fact, not photographic.
words too, for me, have colors and emotions and textures.
some recent stories nanobees zap tumors with real bee venom; they're sending genes into the brain; a robot they built that can crawl through the human body.
perhaps some circular pieces of metal.
no particular amount of capital to invest, of the sort that for a physical network you might need for trucks and people and a hub to move packages around overnight.
but i also want to talk about the fact that if one in eight people on the planet are girls between the ages of 10 to 24, they are they key, really, in the developing world, as well as in the whole world, to the future of humanity.
it's got a nice kind of flowing, organic form, very consistent with the brazilian culture -- i think good design adds to culture.
they're the other big generation.
we're still working hard at it.
the real hat trick for this vehicle, though, is a disruptive new navigation system we've developed, known as 3d slam, for simultaneous localization and mapping.
but there's lots of stuff.
ok, i'm not going to spend too much time on that, but what i want to talk about is some of the disconnects that appear when an author publishes a book that in fact, the publishing process -- just because of the fact that it's complicated, it's heavy, books are expensive -- creates a sort of a wall between authors of books and the ultimate users of books, be they teachers, students or just general readers.
i should just mention briefly, is this really the right list that we got out?
facebook every time you add a friend or poke somebody, you help to digitize a book.
so just to give you a bit of context, as june said, i'm an artist, a technologist and an educator.
we have to, if we're lightly pigmented, be careful about the problems of skin cancer, and destruction of folate in our bodies, by lots of sun.
one fewer people on a fixed amount of land make investing in property a bad bet.
and what you'll see is that this little boy will go through five hypotheses in the space of two minutes.
and what about terms like over the limit?
i just did things.
brain,complexity,computers,design,engineering,science,technology,visualizations
and essentially we are just an upright-walking, big-brained, super-intelligent ape.
and this is again something that people don't believe, but i really think it's quite true.
and finally, well, isn't this just intuition?
so, i tell young people everywhere, it ain't where you start in life, it's what you do with life that determines where you end up in life, and you are blessed to be living in a country that, no matter where you start, you have opportunities so long as you believe in yourself, you believe in the society and the country, and you believe that you can self-improve and educate yourself as you go along.
this is the paradox of the wisdom of crowds, or the paradox of collective intelligence, that what it requires is actually a form of independent thinking.
and i don't want to start whistling look for the union label, and all that happy worker crap.
if you have more questions about it, ask kevin kelly later.
this kind of thing happens a lot.
and in front of all that noise, you do a very small gesture.
and just for contrast, we can do this with any word.
you have to reframe it and ask, what is responsible?
we have seen human-to-human transmission in at least three clusters -- fortunately involving very intimate contact, still not putting the world at large at any kind of risk.
how do fast-paced video games affect the brain? step into the lab with cognitive researcher daphne bavelier to hear surprising news about how video games, even action-packed shooter games, can help us learn, focus and, fascinatingly, multitask. emem
the continuum of humanity, sure, but in a larger sense, the web of life itself.
you're the teacher.
so the elements of life -- carbon, and oxygen and iron, all the elements that we need to make us up -- were cooked in those first generations of stars, which then ran out of fuel, exploded, threw those elements back into the universe.
and partly this is already happening.
second rule, if i take one of these http names and i look it up and i do the web thing with it and i fetch the data using the http protocol from the web, i will get back some data in a standard format which is kind of useful data that somebody might like to know about that thing, about that event.
and i explained my project, and he said, well, i am an adulterer, are you going to stone me?
these plants occur in great diversity, over 28,000 species around the world.
and the task was to build an ultralight indoor-flying model that is able to fly over your heads.
and they said, would you be willing to have a nuclear waste dump in your community?
it's essentially a big microwave transmitter.
mostly me, because it was all mechanics at this point.
i will give points for those who know it.
and furthermore, if you want it to last a long time out in rural areas, it has to be repairable using the local tools, materials and knowledge in those contexts.
so now it's able to train with just this little piece on the back.
that match was unambiguous.
tendai mugwagwa my name is tendai mugwagwa.
sylvia earle's ted prize wish to protect our oceans
and she looked at me, and it was like the successful arm-wrestle, and then, after that, she delivered an extraordinary account of what her life really was like.
business,design,economics,industrial design,technology
ptolemy, eratosthenes, einstein, things like that.
if 27 individuals from those 27 member states sat around table, speaking their 23 languages, some very simple mathematics will tell you that you need an army of 253 translators to anticipate all the pairwise possibilities.
so in his book, regenesis, which i recommend, he has a chapter on the science of bringing back extinct species, and he has a machine called the multiplex automated genome engineering machine.
seven children per family -- tremendous growth at 3.3 percent.
they answer more than 5,000 calls in just two months.
gary lauder's new traffic sign take turns
brain,disease,science,technology
i kind of like asked these questions and chatted with him through a translator in kind of a half whisper.
every year when it comes to the cotton harvest, the government shuts down the schools, puts the kids in buses, buses them to the cotton fields to spend three weeks harvesting the cotton.
if we are going to reinvent the automobile today, rather than 100 years ago, knowing what we know about the issues associated with our product and about the technologies that exist today, what would we do?
stay in.
the idea is like this.
the graphics were just horrible.
can you imagine going to your closet, pulling out a mothball, and chewing on it if you're feeling depressed?
i think it comes down to this issue of why am i here? what am i here for? where am i going?
the light grid will have a light, be lit up at night and give a kind of light ceiling.
but what i do hope is that if you remember anything i said or any of my stories tomorrow morning over breakfast, if you can remember the story of sarajevo, or the story of rwanda, then i've done my job.
they need you to move at their rhythm.
oh, well, your earrings, i don't suppose you invented the idea of earrings.
they liked it because the guys who kind of live there would be like, it's just like living in a submarine.
he wants objective truths.
and education, plus technology, is a great source of hope.
and it would just be insincere of me not to address those problems.
that's the first group; it's quite a small group.
then last minute, i'm thinking, 'can't do this. this is wrong.' my buddy says, 'c'mon, let's do this.' i say, 'let's do this.' and those three words, tony's going to remember, because the next thing he knows, he hears the pop.
this is something that i set down from the very beginning, as a core principle of the community that's completely not debatable.
people are willing to invest more, and the budgets are larger.
now, what about what else is going on out there in the universe?
and so as a response and as a gift to my uncle, i made him the uncle phone.
so we felt that that day was the day that she really earned her name.
ah
within a few weeks, i was performing, and in a few months, i debuted at the kennedy center.
and that's when i got the idea, which was, well, what would happen if we kind of looked at us from this point of view of these other species who are working on us?
well i took one year.
however, what matters most -- more than training or luck -- is the heart.
and those actually came from my dad.
the gun that you see there sprays cells.
1,000-dollar antibody injections under the skin, by the way, and 20 of them.
local scientists must play leading roles and governments must be persuaded to buy in.
physicist and surfer garrett lisi presents a controversial new model of the universe that -- just maybe -- answers all the big questions. if nothing else, it's the most beautiful 8-dimensional model of elementary particles and forces you've ever seen.
well, because it gives them good, paying jobs, or, in many african countries, unofficial opportunities to profit from corruption.
this is another re-greening example.
most of the amazingness of the clock we can borrow from the amazingness of the mountain.
we were able to, because we had trained people in filmmaking, continue with our work, and send our wiwa and arhuaco filmmakers to the final sacred lakes to get the last shots for the film, and we followed the rest of the arhuaco back to the sea, taking the elements from the highlands to the sea.
and she was unusual because she was really interested in a new science, the emerging field of epidemiology, the study of patterns in disease.
if you're a senior person at unesco and someone says, so what are you doing to eradicate world poverty?
and now you see it.
and his life -- the transformation of his life from deprivation and what one would expect -- potentially prison or death -- he become a linguist, a trainer for the 76ers and now is a motivational speaker.
now, you know, i mean, a lot of people go to church.
the last two decades have been the champagne era for dirty lucre.
in the front, there are 10 ranches strung right along the base of the mountains using the water from the mountains.
think of the expense, the human cost of that.
cp yeah, i posted a thread on sunday.
the wackiest plan -- and i'm not making this up -- would put what is essentially a garden hose 18-and-a-half miles high into the sky, suspended by balloons, to spew sulfur dioxide.
one of the ways that we do that is actually by using smart biomaterials.
two thousand years later, we can explain this in the brain.
well, to this, i just say, no no.
library of congress 17 million books, of which half are in english.
and it turns out that it's actually pretty simple to figure out.
and it's a great cadre of people, incredibly close-knit community of people.
dm every morning we have about 400 patients, maybe more or less.
this is the hottest day of the year somewhere in eastern tibet, on august 1.
so this is all very prototypey at this point.
i can't see this clock and i can't see the timing, so holy god, woohoo
they are dangerous to give birth to, are agonizing to give birth to.
so, basically the gas dissolves into our body.
and why is it delicious?
doesn't tell you much about military power, doesn't tell you very much about soft power.
yet the media remains mostly silent on these stories.
i know that because i have friends who work on fisheries' research vessels who have sent to me reports from boats out in the ocean.
and by 20, i had the sense, i really had the sense that i could overcome this, that i was now strong enough that by an act of will, i could blow the obsessional thinking away.
349
so we've had brendan, who's from ideo, and the rest of us sitting aside and watching these students as they put play principles into practice in the classroom.
he'd say, well, in my day, most people throve, but some thrived.
and then we started a new policy -- a new policy completely different.
at that time, beanie babies was a big hit, and we thought, we'll do a bunch of different ones.
all right, so i want you to take a moment, and i want you to think of three things that you know to be true.
let me know when you've got them. let's shoot.
when i was a kid, i attended montessori school up to sixth grade in atlanta, georgia.
i estimate, millions of miles, all packed in your skull.
now i worked with dying people for over 40 years.
the thing is, i've learned -- and the technology people that are here, which i'm totally not one of them -- but apparently, it really takes 30 years for a lot of technologies to become really endemic to us, like the mouse and the internet and windows.
even though we put a passive bar there.
we dont know, but it may be.
does god demand loyalty, like any medieval tyrant?
but the interesting thing about it is the commercial guys are going to go first.
we surveyed the top-20 nielsen shows every year for 50 years -- a thousand shows.
we wanted to be able to target specific geographic communities.
and third, so as people are doing this friends and family fundraising process, it's very awkward, people don't know exactly what to ask for, how to ask, what to promise in return, even though they have the best of intentions and want to thank those people that are supporting them.
she saved 1,500 girls from being cut.
and why not just take someone like keith wilkes and let it go at that.
well, here's how it changed me.
support investments with a triple-bottom-line return.
both of these rely on cognitive surplus.
i grew up in a culture of self-effacement.
httpwww.ted.comtalkspatrickchappattethepowerofcartoons.html
we're going to be predictive; we're going to know what you're likely to have.
it wasn't really a research report; it was a screed.
writing is using your imagination on paper, and i do get so scared because i travel to so many schools now and that seems like such a foreign concept to kids, that writing would be using your imagination on paper, if they're allowed to even write now within the school hours.
and this one i call machine with grease.
there's another risk, and they respond less to this existing risk.
what do you say to a good-looking man?
imagine that you've been raped and you're bringing up a boy child.
first ascent of the western face to mount washington, and a solo ascent at that.
how do i, as the narrator, as the writer, also influence that?
now, einstein also thinks, you know, working in caves and travelling through space -- it's all very dangerous jobs.
the thing about stories, though, in most of the existing mediums that we're accustomed to -- things like novels, radio, photographs, movies, even lectures like this one -- we're very accustomed to this idea of the narrator or the camera position, some kind of omniscient, external body through whose eyes you see the story.
and i got back to heathrow. my mum was there; my brother was there; my granddad was there -- had a little union jack -- -- and that was about it. i went back to live with my mum.
the doorbell rang and it was a trick-or-treater dressed as my character. it was so cool.
i'm not plugging t-mobile.
the answer was absolutely yes.
we believed that where the resources and expertise are scarce, innovative, sustainable design can really make a difference in people's lives.
but we do have the first three minutes.
but if we think differently, i think that, in fact, we can have cities that are not only zero emissions, but have unlimited possibilities as well.
small changes in earth's orbit that occur over tens to hundreds of thousands of years alter the distribution of sunlight on earth.
the third part that i'd like to talk about is the limbic system.
he's been christened the voice of a generation, and he's churning out classic songs at a seemingly impossible rate, but there's a small minority of dissenters, and they claim that bob dylan is stealing other people's songs.
and the reason why 21 was the number is 700 men left, 23 came back, two died on the boat and 21 hit the ground.
and you know, how on earth did i get to 17 and not know that?
so this is bertie county, north carolina, usa.
that technology will be used on de-extincted animals.
the first thing, as i said, is going to be virtual stuntmen.
so, he pulled me up, and i was fine.
to explain the wish, i'm going to have to take you somewhere which many people haven't been, and that's around the world.
they're three.
and of course, bees are not the only important factor here.
but a multiple polarity of power means shifting and changing alliances.
arts,entertainment,live music
and he published that book in the early 1930s, and the book still exists in further editions and is still a fundamental textbook.
so now you may be wondering, why does anyone get married ever?
he went from thinking just about energy to also starting to think about human health.
medea she was, next time i saw her.
but in case you do, here it is they're waiting, we're waiting for you to show us where to go next.
and so it is sort of a theme, but it goes a little bit, you know, deeper than that.
it's sort of a funny pattern.
all right i'm more than my genes -- all together.
i think romantic love evolved to enable you to focus your mating energy on just one individual at a time, thereby conserving mating time and energy.
we have to get off of oil purchased from the enemy.
your brain doesn't know. because both are equally likely.
this was originally seen as a system that was the pleasure system of the brain.
now, if we have evidence, which we now have, that wetlands, forests, unclear monsoon system, the rainforests, behave in this nonlinear way.
there are 800 different languages in the highlands.
and it's pretty amazing actually.
1537
and it's our attempt to quantify beauty by finding which regions of the brain are interactive while witnessing something beautiful.
which is extraordinary, really, when you think about it.
whatever you are, therefore, you are not the stuff of which you are made.
take a gift in the left hand.
now it's 0.5 -- even worse than that in america -- showing us the income inequality.
i was 95 lbs.
in fact in the second half of the 20th century growth was even higher than anything you would have predicted based upon the first half of the 20th century.
you've made the money you need.
and i realized that i never worked with color, because i had a hard time controlling the idea of single colors.
this is a visualization of all the evidence for nutritional supplements.
i still love speed. you know, i live in london, and i work as a journalist, and i enjoy the buzz and the busyness, and the adrenaline rush that comes from both of those things.
how do you remember where you parked your car? how do you know if you're moving in the right direction? neuroscientist neil burgess studies the neural mechanisms that map the space around us, and how they link to memory and imagination.
and a fifth symmetry, i can rotate it by five sixths of a turn.
there's a kind of truncated camarasaurus skeleton, but the geometry's correct.
first of all, we associate the click sound with a food reward, which is smashed banana and peanuts together in a syringe.
whereas with saving three percent, people might have to add nice sneakers so they can walk, because they won't be able to afford anything else, when they save 14 percent they might be able to maybe have nice dress shoes to walk to the car to drive.
he comes down and says, i want to know, who is responsible?
and you're working away until late at night, and you're very, very careful, and you're drinking coffee and you're paying attention, but, occasionally, when you're copying this by hand, you're going to make a little typo, a spelling mistake -- substitute an i for an e, or a c for a t.
they can be made to automatically roll up, or they can be made stable, like zach's, to hold any position in between.
what other evidence is there that the script could actually encode language?
rather, big ideas can be orchestrated, if you can simply gather people with different perspectives in a room and get them to talk about things that they don't ordinarily talk about.
very little emphasis on ethics, and the typical graduate from a university in ghana has a stronger sense of entitlement than a sense of responsibility.
other places have tried things, so why don't we look at those places and see what happened to their prevalence?
they'd say, this is very boring.
i have absolutely no interest in producing a building that just accommodates x, y and z function.
so if we, for example, trace the path of one piece of content that drives someone to comment on it, and then we follow where that comment goes, and then look at the entire social graph that becomes activated and then trace back to see the relationship between that social graph and content, a very interesting structure becomes visible.
it's not slavishly mimicking -- although al is trying to get the hairdo going -- it's not a slavish mimicry; it's taking the design principles, the genius of the natural world, and learning something from it.
of course, its not just about the iphone.
we don't know, but what can we do?
i was taking some part of the objects, or any of the intuitiveness of real life, and bringing them to the digital world, because the goal was to make our computing interfaces more intuitive.
here is the first ever slide-to-unlock.
you're the mayor of your local town.
and so, in a sense, our luck is holding out, but you know, another wild bird could fly over at anytime.
they're mapping the roads, the buildings, these fortifications that they built.
and it's this map you see here.
so you enter your information. then, like the london tube system, the little trains go around with what you're thinking about.
my god, it's unbelievable.
it's not that strove for mediocrity, it's just that the s used to be written differently, kind of like an f.
i'm a little nervous, just to let you know.
ka your work -- i mean, we've talked about this before -- a lot of your work, i think, is informed by your belief in, or your focus on the temporariness of all things and the evanescence of things, and a kind of eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow we die, sort of sense of existence.
and i think regardless of what the position is about how this sacred piece of land is to be used, having it come out of actually seeing it in a real encounter, i think makes it a more powerful dialogue.
and i wanted to show you, also, the suggestions from kentucky are pretty good -- they had moonshine, laundry detergents and liquid nails.
what makes you sad? what do you believe in? and so on.
and i think, in many ways, the idea of resilience is a more useful concept than the idea of sustainability.
there is an uncertainty margin, but we can see the difference here cambodia, singapore. the differences are much bigger than the weakness of the data. east europe soviet economy for a long time, but they come out after 10 years very, very differently. and there is latin america.
so here i had this falcon, and it was lovely. it looked really great, the light worked on it really well, it was better than anything that i could achieve or obtain out in the world.
cities are the origins of global warming, impact on the environment, health, pollution, disease, finance, economies, energy -- they're all problems that are confronted by having cities.
we're just not going to be able to do what they did in jurassic park.
all of the wind in the entire country shut down for a week.
they were actually putting blood inside my body.
831
i learned a huge amount from henry.
but the question arises okay, so how much do uruguay, paraguay, argentina and indeed the state of mato grosso in brazil pay for that vital input to that economy to the state of amazonas, which produces that rainfall?
right, that's what he seems like.
so the first port of call let's talk a little bit about south africa.
for some reason you guys are just really slow.
but in the international realm, where fishing and overfishing has really gone wild, these are the places that we have to make hope spots in.
now i'm going to show you cell-based regeneration.
as there is a machine learning algorithm in this -- thank you.
i just wanted this place where you could build things.
this climber was snow blind.
the reason they settled out is because it's cheaper to settle than to fight the lawsuit -- clearly, two million dollars cheaper in some cases, and much worse if you actually lose.
let's talk about what's suddenly possible.
flying monks.
where are the interior sound designers?
well, i don't know how else to say it to you, so i'll just say it my way the ganeyvish schticklich coming from the governments and the, you know, the bankers and the wall street. you know it.
it's hydrated dough we call the soaker -- that helps to start enzyme activity.
in too many 401 plans, if people do nothing, it means they're not saving for retirement, if they don't check the box.
and this is a really emancipatory and political contribution to peace and reconciliation.
recently, diving off -- in the gulf of mexico, finding pools of water, this time not upside down, right side up.
in 1994, after three months of covering the south african election, i saw the inauguration of nelson mandela, and it was the most uplifting thing i've ever seen.
why? because it is there in everybody.
for obvious reasons, it doesn't seem that old anymore to me.
and that's me in the background, carving around the whole formation in freefall also, with the helmet cam to film this jump.
and that sort of gives the impression you've got one air mass going up and down, up and down. it doesn't work like that.
and i will very quickly show you how it works.
jd absolutely. ca all right, well i must say, if this conference led in some way to advancing that idea, that's a huge idea, and if you carry that forward, that is really awesome, so thank you. jd i'd love your help.
where does medical ability end and start?
419
and i found out later that it was julius' first day in nairobi, and he's one of many.
because the human thing is very hard when you're at mit.
why would i need a bloody water feature?
my ability and my potential.
it's all about sensuality. it's all about touch.
oh, you're wiggling your toes.
ted visits tom shannon in his manhattan studio for an intimate look at his science-inspired art. an eye-opening, personal conversation with john hockenberry reveals how nature's forces -- and the onset of parkinson's tremors -- interact in his life and craft.
and then worked for the jerry brown administration.
as many as 165 million people would die.
try to understand the sectors in the city that could play different roles during the 24 hours.
on that measure, we are twice as unequal as some of the other successful market democracies.
it's not that complicated.
when they point right back, the horse is fearful or angry, depending upon what's going on in front of him, around him.
you take the patient and show him pictures on the screen and measure his galvanic skin response.
so therefore, we have these two metabolisms, and i worked with a german chemist, michael braungart, and we've identified the two fundamental metabolisms.
we have to break parents out of this straitjacket that the only ideas we can try at home are ones that come from shrinks or self-help gurus or other family experts.
so, when i went to look at those figures, i noted that since the late 1960s a growing number of these dollars was actually leaving the united states, never to come back.
we are poised, ready, willing and able to export our talent and diversity in ways we've never even imagined.
it has zero volume. and it's non-orientable.
dh the french judge gives it a 5.2.
avelile's mother had hiv virus -- she died from aids-related illness.
that's mike, mike comes out from mississippi.
i work direct with the right brain.
i keep thinking about these kids with no arms.
in his book, paul charges business and industry as, one, the major culprit in causing the decline of the biosphere, and, two, the only institution that is large enough, and pervasive enough, and powerful enough, to really lead humankind out of this mess.
up to and around about the second world war, conductors were invariably dictators -- these tyrannical figures who would rehearse, not just the orchestra as a whole, but individuals within it, within an inch of their lives.
i think we can contribute. we can dream like everybody else.
art,arts,beauty,business,culture,photography,plastic,statistics
each one of them is completely different.
the first string is the drone string, which plays a continuous sound like the bagpipe.
the largest organism on the planet is a mycelial mat, one cell wall thick.
and then this kind of twist, with this balcony and the skirt, kind of like a ballerina lifting her skirt to let you into the foyer.
you see, the gods have to come back again and again and again as ram, as krishna.
so the contributions of culture -- if culture changes us, as indeed it does, it changes us by changing our brains.
so let's do that. thank you very much.
ok, the title of this presentation is connections and consequences, and it's really a kind of summary of five years of trying to figure out what it's going to be like when everyone on the planet has the ability to transcend space and time in a personal and convenient manner, right?
it also connects us in time.
and their own personalities come out in totally unique ways.
why does this far more substantial minority not make a move to exercise its political muscle?
carnegie -- one of the great capitalists of this country -- carved above his legacy, free to the people.
the diameter of each dot represents the length of the sentence inside, so that the large dots contain large sentences, and the small dots contain small sentences.
the kind of relationships when deep speaks to deep.
in terms of psychographic -- oh, men and women men and women are almost equally matched in second life, so about 45 percent of the people online right now on second life are women.
i've got no bodyguards, i've got no police cars. i've got nothing.
we can do it by talking to each other; we can do it through video; we can do it through the written word.
bbm thank you.
i just was so -- how do i tell him?
her mouth dropped open when she saw me, and she went, but you're so tall
they breed in the high arctic, and they winter down in southern south america.
and so i went to each of those countries at least six times, met with the head of state probably two or three times.
so i'm going to show you the results of a very large-scale simulation of what we think the universe might be like, using, essentially, some of the play principles and some of the design principles that, you know, humans have labored so hard to pick up, but apparently nature knew how to do at the beginning.
well, you know the story.
maybe this is all wacky to folks like you, i don't know.
we still haven't figured out best how to visualize the data.
i just couldn't believe how many things you can get here.
we were in the desert, in wadi rum, in a small jeep.
i think that when that is the focus of your life, these are the things that happen.
the mid-ocean ridge runs around like the seam on a baseball.
but if they respond, there's a range of other people around, who are innocent people who might also get hurt -- be collateral damage that the military often doesn't want to talk about.
it's from a paper by johnson and goldstein.
and they are over here on this side. quite an overlap between africa and oecd.
and bill clinton walked away in tears because he had failed to get what he wanted.
they are ruthless, they are honest, but they're full of energy and fun.
seven hours later, still without a heartbeat, they brought her back to life, and she went on to be the head radiologist in the hospital that treated her.
here is sulaiman abu ghaith, and sulaiman was a key lieutenant of osama bin laden.
but culturally, we tend to think that downtowns should be dynamic, and we expect that.
it would be their airplane tails.
you know, we look at running as this kind of alien, foreign thing, this punishment you've got to do because you ate pizza the night before.
it's too in silence.
well as it says in my introduction, i've gotten somewhat known for saying that patients should have access to their data.
then i was so happy that i kept playing with the robot, and so you see the robot has a front rudder here.
he says that the conscious mind is this tiny rider on this giant elephant, the unconscious.
again, studies have shown it's directly attributable to the rise of due process.
you have to focus their attention on something because so many things happen.
and let me be blunt about this.
and this is for a chapter that i'm doing in a book, and the chapter is on honor.
robots like this can really change the way we do k through 12 education.
now i started drawing in the middle of a lot of chaos.
let it say something about dreams, and come to sva and you'll sort of fulfill your dreams.
why is that happening?
and i said, that's what this is; this is calcium carbonate.
the foot is distributed along the whole leg.
and one of the people who worked on it in the beginning was my father, freeman, there in the middle.
you need to have children to survive.
and i'll show you what that protein measurement looks like.
these are all basically portals into that one machine.
now, if i go this way, is there another cup over here?
how did the shock that all of us -- and especially all of us in new york -- felt on the 11th of september transmute into your desire to do this thing?
ok go an introduction. hello tedxusc.
so it turns out there's a keyboard shortcut that lets you jump directly to the beep like this.
httpwww.ted.comtalksjaybradneropensourcecancerresearch.html
here a penguin goes up to the edge and looks out to see if the coast is clear.
but there's another source of information, and that's effectively prior knowledge.
starting with four basic questions , jonathan drori looks at the gaps in our knowledge -- and specifically, what we don't about science that we might think we do.
narrator a tiny airplane, the av pointer serves for surveillance.
alright? intrinsic motivators versus extrinsic motivators.
but i knew i would.
and the devastating events of the 20th century have forced people to question the cold, unfeeling god.
i loved peter ward's talk yesterday -- it's not gaian all the time.
it's an extraordinarily toxic thing.
finally, another thing is the answer was there all along, but we kind of ignored it because of this obvious thing, and that's the thing.
but i'm standing here saying that those who miss the boat now, will miss it forever.
one of them is the idea of linearity that it starts here and you go through a track and if you do everything right, you will end up set for the rest of your life.
wk um -- ca what do you -- i mean -- do you want to build another one?
so, in that sense, it's a very simple object.
this is the exact moment that i started creating something called tinkering school.
if we can get rid of that, then the highways will now be useful to you, as contrasted by what's happening in many parts of the world today.
so, it's like base camp everest.
this is the only way to ensure that your preferences and interests will be most fully accounted for.
what's the worst thing you've ever heard about africa?
i mean, we're used to having science let us predict things, but something like this is fundamentally irreducible.
it will lay waste to appetite. it will lay waste to social confidence.
monterey bay aquarium research institute gave me time with their rov so that i could test it and we could figure out, you know, for example, which colors of red light we had to use so that we could see the animals, but they couldn't see us -- get the electronic jellyfish working.
the dominant demographic event of our time is this screamingly rapid urbanization that we have going on.
this is one of the plights of penguins oil pollution.
ja the impact on the people who worked on it was severe.
culture,economics,food,global issues,peace,politics,war
we need to put it into good seed banks that can offer those seeds to researchers in the future.
one digit at a time, i shall try and determine the digit you've left out.
how long will those chunks be?
fast-forward a generation this is the one-room schoolhouse, oak grove, where my father went to a one-room schoolhouse.
and if you stop again, you wonder, is that a one-hour valley?
but now what?
studies show that households with equal earning and equal responsibility also have half the divorce rate.
this ice formed as snow 15,800 years ago, when our ancestors were daubing themselves with paint and considering the radical new technology of the alphabet.
i merely, most respectfully, return him the ticket.
and you all know what it is. you don't need to have a disability to know that.
now the question then is how gloomy is this?
a quite incredible feat.
but it doesn't have to be that way.
that's multi-touch, controlling a device by touching its display.
that was an interesting case.
so it has neither the resources, nor the incentives, to hook up many other users.
and i saw my work come alive.
this man was very drunk, and he was very interested in my camera, until he noticed the women, who handled him with smiles, and ak-47s at the ready, of course.
and so we're in a skull, and we're moving really, really quickly.
that, yes, it was the shirtless guy who was first, and he'll get all the credit, but it was really the first follower that transformed the lone nut into a leader.
but this is quite good.
and it's about leading in a world that really does seem to be operating on the basis of fear.
shift of subject. quickly drop by climate.
and look at the position of the old west.
someday, little robots will go through our bloodstreams fixing things.
and what i loved about her work is, when i would walk around it and look down into the sky, looking down to watch the sky, and it unfolded in a new way.
actually, you know what, i should warn you, you're going to be disappointed.
this really was a needle in a haystack sort of search, so she asked everything she could think of.
so when i first set out to work on task allocation, my first question was, what's the relationship between the ants doing different tasks?
and before the year 2000 -- now remember, triceratops was first found in the 1800s -- before 2000, no one had ever seen a juvenile triceratops.
a recurring theme is that a lot of these things are from japan -- you'll start to notice.
another one, a guy called -- this is absolutely true -- his computer had crashed, and he told the technician he couldn't restart it no matter how many times he typed 11.
on board that robot is a pc running linux.
i have no interest in that whatsoever.
consider the memory of long temporal sequences of movements, like a pianist playing a beethoven sonata.
yossi vardi this is one of the most popular viral advertisement of last year, known as the optical inch by philips. let's applaud philips -- -- for this gesture for humanity.
in fact, you could come down to the tree to get your gifts and get ready to sing, and then get ready for breakfast without even taking a bath or getting dressed, except that daddy messed it up.
i believe that we must believe, truly believe. not just give it word service; believe that things will work out as they should, providing we do what we should.
ss  very nice. beautiful, panbanisha.
our 27 percent obesity rate is high, even for this country, and diabetes comes with it.
so, the following year, i set out and, fortunately, this time made it safely across to hawaii.
i was a media junkie, and eventually got involved with advertising.
we're going to make two different kinds.
if you think about the worldwide burden of trying to talk to your patients -- not just teaching surgeons, just trying to talk to your patients -- there aren't enough translators in the world.
it's got to be consistent.
anyway, i felt that it was important that you didn't have to make an adjustment in order to get this kind of action.
but unfortunately, most people are not our mothers.
really quick syllabus.
i asked them, how many of you now add not-so-kosher things to your expense reports?
because this is -- i'm quite an experienced manager of systems as a pilot, but this is really -- you need fluidity, you need to be agile and also to adapt really fast.
it won't cost us any more to do it the right way.
httpwww.ted.comtalksellengustafsonobesityhunger1globalfoodissue.html
and they are trying to figure out, safety is good.
ice sheets would continue to disintegrate for centuries.
alternative energy,energy,engineering,environment,future
okay, it's called itself a nation-state for the last hundred years, but everyone who knows anything about china knows it's a lot older than this.
entertainment,global issues,love,parenting,storytelling,women,world cultures
so, you can tell from a piece of clothing to within about a kilometer or so, where that piece of clothing has been recently and then send in dogs.
now see if you can put it back together.
she goes, mom, everyone can't do the splits.
now it's very hard to see the earth there, it's called the pale blue dot picture, but earth is suspended in that red shaft of light.
now, here is -- here is a representative quote from a besieged mother i'm overwhelmed with parenting advice.
it is that thing that we pump out of the ground, we burn tons of, probably most of you used it coming to doha.
it was for a merger station for emergency workers and firemen.
it is actually a living connection to the cosmic event that we are part of, and a story that is certainly ongoing.
but, you know, after all, they're nice to me.
has there ever been somebody who disrespected you so much that you kind of hated them briefly?
and that means it's harder for us to pay attention to the quiet, the subtle, the understated.
now that is how difficult it is to match people from this side of the room with people of that side of the room.
so i couldn't figure out what to read today.
well, i say yes, and if there is, i give the prize to darwin.
jakob trollback rethinks the music video
and i'm just going to tell you one story, which got through to me.
and to show the place where meditators, like me, who began with being a molecular biologist in pasteur institute, and found their way to the mountains.
here's vulnerability, here's grief, here's shame, here's fear, here's disappointment.
with complete control of everything the audience can see, moviemakers had developed an arsenal of techniques to further their deceptions.
57,683 squared. yuck.
and from our data that gets collected, when that tag comes back, because a fisher returns it for a thousand-dollar reward, we can get tracks beneath the sea for up to five years now, on a backboned animal.
so i hope you're going to hear this.
these are supposed to simulate the actual form of a sprinter when they run.
but if you send a mining team there, without the return propellant, first -- did any of you guys hear the story of cortez?
and he also plays golf, like you do in virginia when you are retired.
on my first day, i went to a restaurant, and i ordered a cup of green tea with sugar.
that's just human nature.
yes, put that aside.
does anyone want to guess what it is?
and by the way, they don't always get the words right, because it's over the phone and all that.
so i couldn't figure out for the life of me why we were supposed to be so rowdy, or why we had to spell this word incorrectly.
gregory petsko on the coming neurological epidemic
and it keeps forming until the universe is roughly about half the size it is now, in terms of its expansion.
these effects were all unanticipated, and yet we're discovering they're predictable.
to say that we faced high doses of skepticism in those early years is just a huge understatement, but we were so convinced that we might be able to make this work that we chipped away with incremental modifications to this system.
and i recalled -- i was raised on a small farm in southern indiana and dad tried to teach me and my brothers that you should never try to be better than someone else.
and the answer is zilch, exactly zero.
so i called george irwin, and what do you know?
they are rather sudden, and they change suddenly.
it's all i can convey. according to these theories, there are extra dimensions of space, not just the three we're familiar with, but at every point in the room there are more dimensions.
it's a story of a product that tells a story.
and it senses light with a little eye-spot, which works not unlike how our eye works.
when i started, you thought, how beautiful that sounds.
i bet most of us have experienced at some point the joys of less college -- in your dorm, traveling -- in a hotel room, camping -- rig up basically nothing, maybe a boat.
it so happens that these weapons are dangerous.
i could work them just by my thoughts.
each bubble is a country -- the color, you can see, a continent.
when the molecule increases to a certain amount -- which says something about the number of cells -- it locks down into that receptor and information comes into the cells that tells the cells to turn on this collective behavior of making light.
and you also see this yellow activity, which represents regions where contrast is decreasing; it's going from light to dark.
so we considered all of this. and we realized that electrical appliances must be able to communicate directly with the power receptacle itself.
and there are different kinds of relationships between the people.
seriously, but dangerously fun.
i'm six foot one, and fat.
people were so empowered.
multicultural writers are expected to tell real stories, not so much the imaginary.
win butler  now our lives are changing fast   now our lives are changing fast   hope that something pure can last   hope that something pure can last   ooh we used to wait   ooh we used to wait   ooh we used to wait   sometimes it never came   sometimes it never came   still moving through the pain   we used to wait for it   we used to wait for it   we used to wait for it  ak so i think, if there's one thing to take away from my talk today, it's that an interface can be a powerful narrative device.
and so how did you handle that?
and this is a little girl.
in both of these areas, i think politicians can play a role.
can you believe that?
and a video camera.
happy to see so many fine folks out here and so many smiling faces.
well i'm not a particularly brave person, i have to confess it, but i could not just ignore him.
but i find that for myself, without exception, the more i deal with the work as something of my own, as something that is personal, the more successful it is as something that's compelling, interesting and sustaining.
kids weren't going into the center-for-kids-that-need-more-help, or something like that. it was 826 valencia.
so, i made a deal with my nsf program managers that instead of talking about it, i'd give people the tools.
a few years later, we then hit on the idea of explaining to people the secret of, how do you get the content you want, the way you want it and the easy way?
i couldn't when i was working on this.
it's been said that, no battle plan survives contact with the enemy.
it was technologists and humanists at that big bibliotech conference.
buckminster fuller was the kind of green guru -- again, a word that had not been coined.
it could get awkward, right?
but when you tell someone your goal and they acknowledge it, psychologists have found that it's called a social reality.
when we watch a car chase in a movie, it's almost as if we are subtly having a car chase.
now, zach, we're going to demonstrate a water gun fight from the future.
httpwww.ted.comtalksmichelleobama.html
what does it mean to say that there's an islamic democracy?
if you are a researcher, i hold you to a higher standard of moral conscience, to remain ethical in your research, and not compromise human welfare in your search for answers.
when he saw me on what turned out to be his last hours on this earth, his hands moved as if in slow motion.
something will happen behind it.
our own milky way galaxy is rich in this kind of planets.
you see how resistant it is to those very ideas.
and we're now routinely using one-fifth the radiation dose that's used in any other type of gamma technology.
i was just recently in argentina and in uruguay, and the default way of building homes in the country is a beautiful modernism that you don't see elsewhere, but the contemporary art was terrible.
let me tell you a little bit about the chemistry of oil in water.
it actually takes a little longer. it takes five days.
after 911, either you were with us or against us.
and so i sure am glad i did not slow down to talk to her.
in this prescient 2005 talk, clay shirky shows how closed groups and companies will give way to looser networks where small contributors have big roles and fluid cooperation replaces rigid planning.
once, as he had left instructions to have done, he was summoned in the middle of the night by the night watchman at one of his plants.
it's like the water of the stream; it never sits still.
one of those ways might be better diagnosis.
and in case you don't think that this really has meaning for you, remember that cloning is possible, and that involves going through childhood again, in which case you'll want to be heard just like my generation.
and because of that, you start to dig around for your external memories -- where did you leave them?
now if bill clinton had said, well, to tell you the truth ...  or richard nixon's favorite, in all candor ...  he would have been a dead giveaway for any liespotter than knows that qualifying language, as it's called, qualifying language like that, further discredits the subject.
and now, today i want to tell you my personal observation in the past several years, from that wall.
on simplicity. what a great way to start.
but there arent just rules about how to play; there are rules about when to play.
of course they have to look through a bloody camera in a museum. right? that's how museums are working today.
we were like a miniature united nations, which was fun, except whenever something negative, with regards to a nation or a religion, took place.
it turns out, because they're paid on contingency, it works really, really well in reverse.
we have to do this globally, and we have to do it right now.
other people will see if you're in the supermarket line and you pull out your reusable grocery bag.
and it's just wonderful to see these glimmers of the promise of what can happen if we train our kids right.
may.
and i was from the same area to him.
for those of you who understand computers, our right hemisphere functions like a parallel processor, while our left hemisphere functions like a serial processor.
and so this function of emotions suggests that, in addition to any other purpose they serve, they're a kind of primitive form of communication.
jh so if you caught that, she said she hoped to die when she was around 40. that was enough life for her.
i thought it looked kind of a little bit like the moon, which is sort of interesting.
this is a fairly heavily litigated area, so we've found that there are niches in the music world that aren't served terribly well by the classic commercial publishing system.
and i want you to pick somebody thats seated next to you, and when i say, go, youve got 30 seconds to draw your neighbor, ok?
it certainly doesn't cost as much as oil, and it's plentiful, as i hope that you've been able to see from the photographs.
av i don't want to embarrass him too much. but i am going to give him three seconds.
so i'm going to concentrate on two of the most exciting stories that have emerged out of this major exploratory expedition that we are conducting around saturn, and have been for the past two and a half years.
and this energy, according to einstein, exerts a push on the universe.
they are very territorially aggressive.
this view of the world is a consequence of having studied degraded reefs.
that to be able to talk about content, to break apart what you normally expect, to use humor and surprise, elegance and humanity in your work was really important to us.
some people have called a cyberwar what may actually be just a spy operation -- and obviously, a quite mishandled one.
but there are so many of them that there'll be an enormous number of false positives.
when you focus just on the disasters -- -- we're ignoring the potential.
in summary, instead of our students learning about the techniques of calculus, i think it would be far more significant if all of them knew what two standard deviations from the mean means. and i mean it.
this is the work of david rockwell from new york city, whose work you can see out here today.
it's a city car. you drive along. you get out.
httpwww.ted.comtalksjoellevine.html
but eventually i started to look human again.
they're drinking tea, they're having sandwiches.
it was completely preventable.
dan gilbert presents research and data from his exploration of happiness -- sharing some surprising tests and experiments that you can also try on yourself. watch through to the end for a sparkling qa with some familiar ted faces.
after watching eight tedtalks, he wants to become leonardo da vinci.
learn to multiply, thickening in places ...
we call these behavioral markers.
but i'm always very interested to think about what might the stories be that the generations further down the slope from us are going to tell about us.
same thing happens to our dna as it's being passed on through the generations.
and i'd say, i'm five. i don't even know where i am.
you cannot be constrained by the public's opinion.
chris anderson how web video powers global innovation
he said, and so from hour to hour we ripe and ripe.
i'm going to switch to we, and not i, hope we hope that the attendees of this conference will usher in a new era of participation in our public schools.
that's what the show looks like.
you go to an elementary school at three in the afternoon and you watch the kids come out, and they're wearing these 80-pound backpacks.
it was magic healers and aromatic oils.
you're at a particular road junction.
in delhi, we used to live -- we used to call it a chhat or the khota.
she talks with the women and explains that the land is barren because they have cut and sold the trees.
and whilst i'm painting i have to be very careful, because the paint starts to turn into little blobs.
this is the last frontier of recycling.
we don't have any incentive to go and resolve it across the u.s.
this was an investment opportunity for someone that excited the imagination of people.
on tory island, which is a strange place anyway, they were known as muldoons, and no one seems to know why.
and it's very hard for me to make sense of it, so i'm not sure that you can.
the saddle-shaped structure is also known as a hyperbolic paraboloid surface, or an anticlastic surface.
are you going to compete? no. no one's going to win this thing.
in this picture you can see there is a four-way skydive, four people flying together, and on the left hand side it's the camera flyer with the camera mounted to his helmet so he can film the whole jump, for the film itself and also for the judging.
there's a very vibrant debate going on on campus now over whether they should have an honor code, and if so, what it should look like.
there might be some way of treating that as true.
education,science,technology
but it was earlier this year, when one of our original members caused us to shift focus in the organization.
one of my favorite parts of my job at the gates foundation is that i get to travel to the developing world, and i do that quite regularly.
fatah party member we must empty our minds of traditional thinking.
now like with anything that's really different from the status quo, it didn't always go so well testing that aircraft.
it was incredible. the only conclusion we could make from this is clear evidence that there was a supernova explosion in this system, which polluted the atmosphere of this star.
it's sort of your classic idea of a heat ray.
whether it was threats to the environment, inequities in the distribution of wealth, lack of a sane policy or a sustainable policy with respect to the continuing uses of energy, we were in desperate straits.
mathematicians for several hundred years had to really struggle with this.
we were served a nine-course meal of mola after we tagged.
these are the early studies, but they have to sell furniture to normal people, so if i did the building and it was too fancy, then people might say, well, the furniture looks ok in his thing, but no, it ain't going to look good in my normal building.
and the thing you really hope for is occasionally they burn up, which we won't see tonight. so.
i did the body and creature -- well, you'll see.
it goes to the nucleus accumbens, all the way up to the prefrontal cortex, orbital frontal cortex, where decisions are made, high level.
you see the cards? yes.
but just go to the web, youtube, pull it down, folding t-shirt.
she has been in exile for the last year and a half.
her friend says, buy it already.
finally, i got some funding to try this experiment out to see if these results are replicable, if they happen everywhere else.
now, these are not goals or desires, these are universal.
not all of them die; some of them survive, some more are surviving, but it's really bad news.
so, you can kind of get an idea from this extrapolating that back under this huge picture, so we get this idea of what the primal universe looked like.
and he said, madam, move your chair.
so plan b, always a plan b.
he would shoot his light saber across the abyss, making a blade of light, and then scamper across on this blade of light.
how much do you think about legacy, and what would you like your legacy to be?
most of us are shrinking in the face of psycho-social and physical poisons, of the toxins of our world.
simply because of this gigantic, mammoth machine called desalination.
it's a promise.
here it is back at home at that same hospital, developed a little further, 12 years later, working on patients from pediatrics to geriatrics.
why are babies cute? why is cake sweet? philosopher dan dennett has answers you wouldn't expect, as he shares evolution's counterintuitive reasoning on cute, sweet and sexy things .
the first thing they do is they decorated the ceiling.
he had an enormous amount of love, he loved everybody.
would you think of somebody who you adore, who's no longer there?
and again, within judaism, we have a teaching about god, who is called the compassionate one, ha-rachaman.
results none.
because some people think that the 100 laptop just happened a year ago, or two years ago, or we were struck by lightning -- this actually has gone back a long time, and in fact, back to the '60s.
and then they flew a few cargo flights, and took it out of service.
oh, for al gore to come and be in the real world as president.
this is actually taken from the satellite that we have in orbit around saturn, the cassini.
china isn't conquering mongolia.
in fact, i'm trying and i'm going to make this the most sustainable supermarket in the world.
voice 2 next on the gourmet pet channel, decorating birthday cakes for your schnauzer.
and that's what i'm going to show you, because since 1960 what has happened in the world up to 2010 is that a staggering four billion people have been added to the world population.
i became interested in puppets, and i just want to show one last thing to you.
they stay because you want to stay in your home.
now, since that time, we've actually been through an extraordinary boom, the longest boom ever in the history of this country.
so a plague outbreak in surat, india becomes not an obscure event, but a globalized event -- a globalized concern that has changed the risk equation.
but it is strange.
we love things like plot twists and red herrings and surprise endings.
but that's due to natural predators like vultures that pick them off on a beach or predatory fish that are waiting offshore.
so it re-shows the brain makes predictions and fundamentally changes the precepts.
and we filter our own water.
this idea really appealed to gabriella levine in new york, and so she decided to prototype this idea that she saw, and she documented every step of the process, and she published it on instructables, which is a website for sharing inventions.
two percent are at stage one.
they really tell us what's going on there.
and this process goes on and on and on.
and equally important is the negative version -- don't do to others what you would not like them to do to you.
if you brought the entire ozone layer down to the surface of the earth, it would be the thickness of two pennies, at 14 pounds per square inch.
httpwww.ted.comtalkspaolaantonellipreviewsdesignandtheelasticmind.html
but anyway, we had a great night's sleep.
so you can imagine the scale of this problem.
never going to happen.
obviously, you're intelligent.
there needs to be some kind of spring-loaded mechanism in order to generate the amount of force that we observe, and the speed that we observe, and the output of the system.
it will be launched next september.
instead, it was everybody running the other way.
and then i said, carry on. carry on. carry on.
and gene turns around and says, we're not going to make it.
if this were zambia, 300 of you would be farmers, 100 of you would have aids or hiv.
chaz ebert it was chaz who stood by my side through three attempts to reconstruct my jaw and restore my ability to speak.
if you're a smart retailer, then, you will put a very expensive item that nobody will ever buy on the shelf, because suddenly the 33 wine doesn't look as expensive in comparison.
you could go from love to hate.
photographer paul nicklin traveled to antarctica to shoot a story on leopard seals.
meanwhile, my friends were working for five hours to haul some guy's bag around and get paid 10 bucks.
during the very first session, which was run in russia, one of the participants made a comment that really caught me off guard.
i think there are signs of hope.
but, of course, they ended up dying, six months apart.
and this has already saved millions of lives, and it has prevented entire economies from capsizing in sub-saharan africa.
but what is electrical resistance?
the various pictures here of the various elements of the picture -- the whole thing is unstructured.
it's saturday. it's the holidays.
we call it a complex system, which it is, but it's also something else.
they just pass through anything.
this is just a collection of pathways in the cell.
fortunately, in either biological control or even natural control, resistance is extremely rare.
so i'm trying to penetrate that.
it's phenomenal.
we said it would be just for a short period until the 26. we've extended it until the 31.
then you can harvest the kernels, and then you just need a few kernels.
these copepods are a major constituent of the oceans, and they are a major part of the diet of grazing baleen whales.
that when it comes to the rich, we'll bail out and we'll hand a lot of aid, but when it comes to our poor brethren, we want little to do with it.
it was done by dr. craig venter.
and we definitely reduce the hostility and the i don't want to be compassionate to them to the ones we think of as the bad guys, the ones we hate and we don't like.
that's an in-joke, by the way.
then, they sprayed stem cells onto that heart, from a mouse.
the hope is that you all will think about your limitations, not necessarily as unovercomable, but to recognize them, accept them and then use the world of design to actually figure them out.
they'd run ethanol or ordinary gasoline.
it plots income, average income in china as a percentage of average income in the united states.
and some of you guys are entrepreneurs, etc., whatever.
the winning is the winning of the dignity of every single egyptian.
you can do this.
so we're looking at this as trying to build out.
because using ammonia you get hugely high pressures if you heated them wrong.
actually this one is particularly easy, these pictures were all taken in different countries.
what was interesting about their ruling and about the discussion we've just had is that the discussion about the right, the justice, of the matter depended on figuring out what is the essential nature of golf.
and then we went up and met their shaman.
httpwww.ted.comtalksrufusgriscomalisavolkmanletstalkparentingtaboos.html
uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh. let's practice. everybody start chatting.
if i show another aspect of that technology then, in a completely different context -- this apartment building in the alps in switzerland.
well, think about what artists, novelists and poets have in common, the ability to engage in metaphorical thinking, linking seemingly unrelated ideas, such as, it is the east, and juliet is the sun.
in fact, there's about five states that are worse and only really four states that don't face this big challenge.
girl you're different than anybody i've ever met.
av well, i'm glad rufus is bringing this up, because you can notice where he dips in the first years where i think i was doing most of the work.
chris anderson while they're taking the podium away, just a quick question.
i use poetry to help me work through what i don't understand, but i show up to each new poem with a backpack full of everywhere else that i've been.
that person may be withdrawn, look down, lower their voice, pause, be kind of herky-jerky.
and i don't mean to understate how important it is to restore basic function.
we can build on their wisdom.
i said that, we are going to win.
the first penguins to make that transition to free feeding were the ones that had a metal band on their wing from the apollo sea spill six years earlier.
i've now made prescription eyewear to my prescription.
i hope you will support the efforts of our armed forces to train soldiers like this young captain and provide her with a good gun, instead of the bad gun my father was given.
today, we're just going to voyage to a small sampling of some of these special areas, just to give you an idea of the flavor of the riches and wonders they do contain.
you ask the linked data -- which they've now put together -- 32 hits, each of which is a protein which has those properties and you can look at.
for me, while i'm such a serious athlete on the track, i want to be feminine off the track, and i think it's so important not to be limited in any capacity, whether it's, you know, your mobility or even fashion.
uh-oh ... uh-oh
these are squid. now males, when they fight, if they're really aggressive, they turn white.
here he is talking from the 1960s.
so i stopped the car and i went to help.
you see here the work of ben fry. this is human vs. chimps -- the few chromosomes that distinguish us from chimps.
they would have felt isolated, until these sorts of technologies came around and connected them in a way that made them feel part of a larger phenomenon.
you've all seen lots of articles on climate change, and here's yet another new york times article, just like every other darn one you've seen.
so, then, we understand that if we want to change our trajectory, in life, or in the balloon, we have to change altitude.
i'm not against glamour.
but art is not for anything.
what's up ted people? let me hear you make some noise.
and you may wonder why.
we were the best and the brightest.
the hope is that this gets more stem cells out, which translates to better outcomes.
great he needs efferent, afferent, haptic response sensors.
thank you very much.
if i would have been born a hundred years earlier, the big decisions in my life would have been made for me -- meaning i would have stayed in the town that i was born in; i would have very much likely entered the same profession that my dad did; and i would have very much likely married a woman that my mom had selected.
you're all cfo, astrophysicists, ultra-marathoners, it turns out.
this isn't information.
they had a big patient population.
you'll watch them both drop out of the middle class, but see what happens to women and see what happens to men.
and this is also due to these fantastic new scanners, that just in 0.3 seconds, i can scan the whole heart, and i can do that with time resolution.
five seconds, 10 seconds, 40 seconds, 50 seconds, two minutes, four minutes, eight minutes.
and so i started to argue with these men.
so even though i'm really interested in the relationship between people, i also consider the ways in which we relate to the world around us.
so there's a lot more female gamers than people are really aware.
and then today, there's been a 99 percent reduction -- greater than 99 percent reduction -- in the number of children who are being paralyzed by this awful disease.
you'll say, how can we trust them?
we need to look carefully at our zero tolerance policies.
so that's how it all started.
and the ritz-carlton tower is being designed with exposed steel, non-fire proof, much like those old gas tanks.
please let me know if you're ever in new york city.
practice that. it's important because you have no idea the number of excuses people come up with to hang onto their data and not give it to you, even though you've paid for it as a taxpayer.
httpwww.ted.comtalkseveensler.html
and i would like to know what the audience is, and so who of you ever ate insects?
so, the way of treating these diseases in early times was to, in some way or other, exorcise those evil spirits, and this is still going on, as you know.
laurie santos looks for the roots of human irrationality by watching the way our primate relatives make decisions. a clever series of experiments in monkeynomics shows that some of the silly choices we make, monkeys make too.
thank god you can all read
and in the charles bonnet syndrome, you don't go to those higher levels.
the salmon on top is a genetically engineered chinook salmon, using a gene from these salmon and from one other fish that we eat, to make it grow much faster using a lot less feed.
the president of the computer mouse company doesn't know.
we all know which side of these we'd like to be on.
you get past me, the guy behind me has a spoon.
i met my host family. things went quite well i think, all things considered.
those decisions are made by the ministry of health or by foreign donors, and it just kind of shows up.
the wiring from your sensory apparatus to those bits is shorter than the bits that have to pass through the thinky bit, the cortex.
then i went on to tear my acl, the ligament in my knee, and then developed an arthritic knee.
but they had a good question.
and you go, my god it's really far away and it's a giant waterfall.
it's actually a smart biomaterial that we used, to actually treat this patient.
may he be called to wash away his sins.
your ears can't hear that chord; they can actually hear amazing things. your ears can hear 10 octaves.
i want to know how they impact me.
my mother carefully opened the door, and she loaded the laundry into the machine, like this.
and we know very well that geothermal energy is mostly produced by decay of uranium, thorium, and potassium.
the mangroves are being cut down; the effects of things like the tsunami get worse.
make of that what you will.
there's many things about it. it becomes very simple, and basically what you're doing is you're just touching the machine, you're touching the cloud and you're going to compute that way.
they are scarce; they are expensive; and we only have a certain range of it.
how are we going to motivate people to actually translate the web for free?
but they're not frozen; they're actually merging.
not in front pocket. i'm a back pocket man.
and religious doctrines are meant to be summons to action; you only understand them when you put them into practice.
i call this first chapter -- for the brits in the room -- the blinding glimpse of the bleeding obvious.
what is the wall mostly made of? atoms.
but if you offer kids two piles of laundry to fold, the small pile or the big pile, which will they choose?
now i don't expect every kid to be a farmer, but i expect you to read about it, write about it, blog about it, offer outstanding customer service.
the point is is that you can train the brain out of this.
and here's the statement.
goering was hitler's second in command in world war ii, his designated successor.
the beginning of time is funny -- it's on the outside, right?
so, this whole dominance issue -- number one, what we get in dog training is this mickey-mouse interpretation of a very complicated social system.
it was quite simple. if you'll look at the steps we bought the land, we dealt with the fire, and then only, we started doing the reforestation by combining agriculture with forestry.
the answer, of course, to which is a trade secret -- and the last question, what's next? as quickly as possible, if i have a minute left at the end, i'll go into more detail.
it is not getting other countries to arm themselves to the teeth with the weapons that we produce and we sell them.
this process will also be catalyzed by the military for its own reasons of combat effectiveness and preventing conflict, particularly over oil.
ok, give them a round of applause as they come up.
and, as i said, the way the shape twists -- the directional along which way the shape is twisting as it moves over this curved surface -- is what the elementary particles are, themselves.
they knock themselves off.
i assure you if it happens, at the end, both the west and the muslim world will have suffered.
not a big divergence in terms of uniform design for border guards admittedly, but in almost every other respect, it's a huge divergence.
if you'd gone into the minds of the people, well, you would have seen a lot of trauma, and you would have seen a lot of heartache, and you would have seen a lot of things that would take a long time to recover.
no wonder people suffer around the world, and we have so many crimes of passion.
so we go from, say, this beautiful and complex crystal as non-life, and this rather beautiful and complex cat on the other side.
and if you throw in other durable goods like automobiles and so forth, that number well more than doubles.
boaz almog levitates a superconductor
let's not forget these men, who are truly dying to work.
time spent with you is like chasing and catching small birds, but without the scratches and bird shit.
i mean, look how happy the people are, and good-looking too.
so all you do is -- it's a very kind of provocative statement -- this old bicycle tube and this old plastic unclear this filling cap will go very snugly into an old bicycle tube.
so to conclude, there are at least four asteroids headed our way.
when i saw that, i made a promise to myself.
why is this? i used medical college girls.
and of course, the vagina monologues we know about.
if half of a community sleeps under a net, the other half also benefits because the contagion of the disease spread.
she got into women for women international's program.
here, instead of through the lens of a genome, through the lens of digitized pieces of the historical record.
what does the system look like?
and i said, there's one thing that we have in common in this room, all of us together, whether republican or democrat, or whoever.
thats really my thinking.
anyway, david greybeard -- and i saw that he was picking little pieces of grass and using them to fish termites from their underground nest.
i got a d in pottery, which was the one thing that i did get -- and so concern is where all of this comes from.
and from the beginning of today's sessions you'd think that they're going to see this as this horrible difficult, painful period that we struggled through.
without a foot, here's what it does. it doesn't even slow down.
so now -- i always ask, why do i put myself in this position?
i am productive.
and our younger generation are going to transform this country while at the same time being transformed themselves.
and she was writing one day, and, you know, then she disappeared for a little bit.
if they don't have commodities, they don't have a business.
if i separate them again, i have some light.
and i thought that if pattern can unite these disparate elements, it can do just about anything.
but if you stroll down to the yamuna or to the gomati in lucknow, or to the adyar river in chennai, or the mula-mutha river in pune, just see what we're capable of doing to a river. it's sad.
but i think people have recognized the sanctity of our urban areas.
and one of the things laurie garrett pointed out, and others have, is that a society that doesn't have people of working age is in real trouble. and things are going to get worse, because there's nobody to educate the children or to feed the old.
he certainly wasn't smiling when i got there, because he was somewhat humiliated by pauling getting the alpha helix, and the cambridge people failing because they weren't chemists.
i want you all to know that i think the world is a place that's worth living.
and, you know, i'm not even ashamed of that.
as soon as they get under those rafts of kelp, the exfoliating cleaner fish come.
and so we can look at literally hundreds of thousands of features at once out of that drop of blood.
and the thing is, is that oil is really an abstraction for us as the american consumer.
and then you look at the outputs and you start measuring what comes out.
that's just one source.
but when anger turns to contempt, you've been dismissed.
we must learn things and, you know, be more tolerant, and be smarter and learn faster and be more creative, perhaps, than we are typically in our real lives.
finger, finger, finger, finger, finger, finger, finger, finger.
but thank you very much.
you have to realize that the investments we do in progress are long-term investments.
and now the inquest -- you know, tom's wife and dick's wife are distraught.
and the process needed to make it is actually coming toward the market quite nicely.
but -- i know it's the bottom line, or one's perception of it, that motivates people in the end.
it's obviously a very big commercial company, and so this little, shh -- it's not really them, was put on the side of the imagery.
it's a cold war, really.
they disappeared.
we heard that now from the east again the war started, and it's going fast.
and what we have here is no ordinary desk lamp.
i was a penguin aquarist at the new england aquarium.
385
httpwww.ted.comtalksnataliejeremijenkotheartoftheecomindshift.html
every week, religious extremists take another african village.
we therefore conclude the universe is not a fluctuation.
and they were just made in a community of bikers, mainly in northern california.
that's me, getting a nasal lavage.
and they are judged, each country, on how they are doing.
now, all of these big things for love -- experiments -- aren't going to take off.
1611
1199
from a forecasting perspective, if we know where trade is likely to change, for example, because of the african growth and opportunities act or other policies that encourage trade, we can actually think about which areas are likely to be heavily infected with hiv.
fn thank you ted. and thank you chris, for having us.
nothing for these dragonflies. there is no more seasonal rain.
ca well, enric, thank you so much for sharing some of that spiritual experience with us all. thank you.
oh, hey, hey, black-eyed susie hey, hey, black-eyed susie
ca no. i love it.
this is not my planet. it wasn't mine before i was born.
and i think if ibm's deep blue played anyone in this room, it would win every time.
not a complicated thing.
fortunately, we have some examples.
this was an age before people were tweeting everywhere and 750 million people were posting status messages or poking people.
maybe we should make people save more when they make more money.
yr yes, with the final goal to take off, but with initial speed.
i think it's a problem of completion and delivery, because the fine print said, what game-changing ideas and scientific developments would you expect to live to see?
nobody checks boxes.
how does that happen? how do you make something flow through something?
the doggy went into doggy day care.
and we can observe this.
the thing is, is that it's slightly dangerous.
so what we need to do is, we need better policy.
well, i did this at a school in boston with about 70 seventh graders, 12-year-olds.
ze frank oh. amazing.
now one of the reasons why there are so few trees is this people need to cook, and they harvest wood and they make charcoal in order to do it.
one of them happened to be me now.
so something i think is very fascinating is what if you could give life to non-living structures, like batteries and like solar cells?
i also didn't want anybody to question it.
like in the dubai mall, they sell frozen yogurt by the gram.
they said yes.
it can be in a basket. it can be in a loaf pan, but we pan it.
and that then might lead you to watch an episode one day of cedars-sinai medical center and a consideration of the difference between potential mind and actual mind.
what does it do?
africa,activism,communication,disaster relief,global issues,technology
so this is a student's opinion on what his experience of games are.
how do you prevent people from taking that sort of action on the data that you're developing?
it's the largest ngo in education in the world.
and up there, there are thousands of prayer flags that people have spread out over the years.
we use bacteria to clean our water. and we said, well, that's not exactly being inspired by nature.
and go to the website.
this is a newspaper publisher and a banker.
at this point, he was told by his doctors that he had about 3 months to live.
now let's look at another part of the world, the former soviet republics of central asia, the 'stans.
take more, sell more, waste more.
so, you send the copy to the main office.
this is who i am.
liberation, however, costs some money.
and i may say, i may not see the church, or hear the word or eat the food their hands may grow.
we have thousands of oiled penguins and thousands of willing, but completely inexperienced, volunteers.
i just remember the sound was so heavy and so very shocking.
and what this lets you do is create an online tribute to your loved ones, complete with photos and videos and stories that they can post after you die.
and that's all the bush administration's leadership, and it's all because of this bottom-up pressure and the fact that the phones haven't stopped ringing from the beginning of this crisis.
so within three years, from 2003 to 2006, we were able to get norm in place that actually changed the paradigm of how fishers went about deep-sea bottom trawling.
thank you for that reaction.
and neutrinos you can detect by the signature they leave when they hit water molecules.
and then, i could tell you lots about the laptop, but i decided on just four things.
as you can see, it has world class art, and it's all my taste because i raised all the money.
zk so now, when we dream up these concepts, it's important for us to make sure that they work from a technical standpoint.
streets have names; blocks are just the unnamed spaces in between streets.
we roll 120-foot spartan, i.e. our vision, up to our clients' gates of troy.
httpwww.ted.comtalksdavidgriffinonhowphotographyconnects.html
images often push us to question our core beliefs and our responsibilities to each other.
what you're seeing is year by year frequency of thrived and throve over time.
but smoke alarms don't prevent fires.
she has amazing land speed for a woman her age, too.
tg well, first of all, you've got to look at age.
you know, but there's obviously a notion that if you let the inmates of this thing out, that they would snatch a motorist off the street and eat his liver.
they're the grand molecular disassemblers of nature -- the soil magicians.
i wanted to be a rock star.
i thought, i'm failing as a teacher.
and there's a lot of social responsibility in that.
now i'm not saying for a minute that british conservatives have all the answers.
but i think there's a really fascinating example of what one can do experimentally to try to actually demonstrate this.
those are the effects that we're going to see.
on the other hand, if you did, then great things happened.
it was just sheer terror.
so if religion is not about believing things, what is it about?
but if you present it along with another randomly chosen word, bad things can happen.
im going to see how many of you at the back of the room can actually get those things onto the stage.
1958, ghana becomes independent, so it is just over 50 years ago.
so in baking we call it scaling -- weighing out the ingredients.
i work on the mayor's council in san francisco, on the international design council for mayors, and chicago is looked at as the pinnacle, and i really would like to salute mayor daley and the folks there.
it should be just as concerned with building strength as with repairing damage.
you may be watching a tour and you can pause anywhere along the way, pull up other information -- there are lots of web and information sources about places you might want to go -- you can zoom in, you can pull back out.
so people inhabiting northern hemispheric environments were bereft of the potential to make vitamin d in their skin for most of the year.
fifty-six percent of the parliamentarians are women, which is fantastic, and there's also within the national constitution now, you're actually not allowed to say hutu or tutsi.
but also that is able to carry out attacks in more than one country.
until 1992, i used to believe america was the best -- i still do; i don't deny that because i am a victim.
so what happens when a person puts this thing on?
and i was sure that it was going to be great for democracy and for our society.
we will talk today about local warming.
most poachers, like my father, were people from our own community.
so information is beautiful. data is beautiful.
we were having negative per capita growth.
what you're looking at is airplane traffic over north america for a 24-hour period.
and that's not a joke, we really do.
there's people screaming, there's the sound of glass breaking, there's these weird thumps.
not all civil society organizations are good.
but a few years earlier, while still at school, he'd actually cracked one of the big mathematical problems at the time.
they found something called twitter.
and, finally, jay dragged me to my hometown, toronto, canada.
so, i look forward to working with the ted community to hear about your ideas about how to fulfill this wish, and in collaborating with you, hasten the day that that visionary statement can become a reality.
we made a chip that has every known virus ever discovered on it.
it doesn't matter if your computer's mechanical, like babbage's was, or electronic, like computers are today, or perhaps in the future, cells, or, again, mechanical again, once we get into nanotechnology.
i've done shoes for reebok as well, as a kind of a hobby for apparel.
and the guys that have not only means, but a certain amount of knowledge and understanding, go to the next step, and they eat off a banana leaf.
what it does is it measures my hemoglobin, oxygen and pulse rate.
we're going to win because the tears that come from our eyes actually come from our hearts.
or, more specifically, what we learned from the creation of a very large and complicated machine for a music video.
livers and internal organs sort of take a bit longer. a spine takes several years.
it's not very appropriate to do it now. some people tell me to do it; i think, well, that's not really proper, you know, these days.
shouldn't we think about manipulation, rather than elimination?
something amazing happened during this shoot.
it matters to me because i think we're setting ourselves up for trouble -- trouble certainly in how we relate to each other, but also trouble in how we relate to ourselves and our capacity for self-reflection.
and we will begin to actually deeply influence our health and our intelligence, as we get closer and closer to this technology.
and instead of squaring it this time, i want you to take that number and multiply it by any three-digit number that you want, but don't tell me what you're multiplying by -- just multiply it by any random three-digit number.
their sexual behavior is too human-like for most of us to be comfortable with.
what i will focus on in my talk is why they matter, how they matter, and what we can all do to make sure that they continue to matter in the right ways, that is, how all of us can contribute to developing and honing the skills of local and global leaders to make peace and to make it last.
but, today in britain, for example, indian restaurants in britain employ more people than the coal mining, ship building and iron and steel industries combined.
so, these two things, you know, if they get people's attention and drive home the positive correlation and people do what's in their self-interests, which is further the moral evolution, then they could actually have a constructive effect.
it's carving out a space where nature can enter the domestic world of a city.
even joy -- that can be the spring of happiness.
and i remember reading, after the lara croft movies, how angelina jolie would go home completely black and blue.
over two decades ago, the world insisted to africa that markets must be liberalized, that economies must be structurally adjusted.
and i said, well, that's kind of too bad, because we need 100 million units a year.
varuna has but a thousand eyes.
and the next six months of my life were the hardest time in my career, trying to design, build and deploy out in the field these 25 time-lapse cameras.
now she had them look at them and do this ... laborious, which i thought for a long time, until she explained to me was to slow them down so they'll think.
now, i happened to be in times square that night doing a comedy show.
we polish the rough edges of our lives so that they feel whole.
a meme is not equivalent to an idea.
so you, like that, can make some sport during your work.
what has appachan done? appachan, unfortunately, is no more, but he has left behind a message.
because happiness can be synthesized.
httpwww.ted.comtalksoryokollohonbecominganactivist.html
fatah, hamas and the popular front
and it actually ends up looking like a galaxy.
and it was all very peculiar, and my headache was just getting worse. so i get off the machine, and i'm walking across my living room floor, and i realize that everything inside of my body has slowed way down. and every step is very rigid and very deliberate. there's no fluidity to my pace, and there's this constriction in my area of perceptions, so i'm just focused on internal systems.
the teeth on this fish are so long that if they closed inside the mouth of the fish, it would actually impale its own brain.
does evolution control the sophistication of matter in the universe?
and we can start talking about things like electrical load.
susan savage-rumbaugh the real-life culture of bonobos
we have the website, where the kids all get their homepage.
i didn't care about -- i had a radio show, i have a radio show on public radio, riverwalk, i didn't care about that. i didn't care about awards or money or anything.
and so if something isn't standard, oops, dumpster. oops this. oops, warped.
and when, onscreen, crystal got breast cancer, 75,000 more young women went to have mammographies done.
by seven months of gestation, the fetus' taste buds are fully developed, and its olfactory receptors, which allow it to smell, are functioning.
i mean, there's water in beer.
rg and of course, we think it's precisely what you really should be saying to mothers who have kids for the first time.
i don't know what part of the country you live in.
and this is the piece of paper it will be made from, and you can see all of the folds that are needed for it.
of course it helps that fear of public failure diminishes as the number of ideas which have failed increases.
ok. ok? ok. ok.
we need active system.
there's not even time or space.
they've gone missing; these feelings have gone missing.
i'll tell you what to do with your fingers, same thing.
a couple years ago, i was in south africa on safari.
and they also say that they can give you perpetual motion machines and free energy systems.
they get locked in.
i think we should make a statement.
this language is communicating that it is surprised to see you, and it's interested in looking at you.
if you took the same technology and piloted it into one of those remote schools, where the score was 30 percent, and, let's say, took that up to 40 percent -- that will be a completely different thing.
i want to know the truth about justice -- like we have truths in math.
okay, so these are three things i know to be true.
but that's not happening here.
a disease which killed hundreds of thousands in india, and blinded half of all of those who were made blind in india, ended.
i am willing to stand up and be counted and move things forward.
and so, i got this in the mail about a year after i did this, unsolicited.
i wanted to become that kind of red cross doctor, that doctor without borders.
that's my daughter, jean.
we narrowed it down to one fragment; we sequenced it and found just one base pair had been deleted in an essential gene.
you cannot do that in two seconds and have a minuscule part of the card showing.
so how do these guys then monetize those infected computers?
and we're getting this mass-manufactured.
when we look at works like this, we tend to associate them with children's literature.
so i sent this company an email saying, hello. i'm christien. i'm doing this research.
can i believe in this this passionately?
it's the direct signal being recorded from my head, rendered in real time.
the internet has no business plan, never did.
clearly the obesity trend is exponentially going in the wrong direction, including with huge costs.
no, no, no, it was somebody else's cake.
there is nothing on the other side.
and i believe the answer is yes.
if i asked you to clap -- maybe i can do this.
in generations.
and convenient is not something that you drive for an hour and charge for eight.
and dick became convinced at some point that he and i had some kind of similarity of personality.
you're constantly making predictions about your environment.
we use two million of them in the united states every five minutes, here imaged by ted presenter chris jordan, who artfully documents mass consumption and zooms in for more detail.
spacewar is built, the first computer game, and all of a sudden, interactivity and involvement and passion is worked out.
and that can be seen directly through a microscope, and i'm going to show you some of this today.
10th man in the word life, you have the life.
who's a risd alum out there?
automobile music, you can share with your friends.
i mean, there's a lot of people in the room who are wealthy, and they've got kids, and we've got this dilemma about how you bring them up.
the scientific revolution was different from the science that had been achieved in the oriental world in a number of crucial ways, the most important being that, through the experimental method, it gave men control over nature in a way that had not been possible before.
on this piece of paper is the history the way i learned it from my lakota friends and family.
on the other hand, if the connectome is still intact, we cannot ridicule the claims of cryonics so easily.
you see, when youre a scientist, youre always selling ideas.
what we're trying to do is construct a family tree for everybody alive today.
these were four guys on the l.a. rams in the 1960s you did not want to go up against.
if you dont remember anything else from this talk, three grams a day of fish oil can reduce your risk of a heart attack and sudden death by 50 to 80 percent.
and to go back and to work with our mother is just what we saw in the civil war -- when i was 16, and my sister was 11, when the civil war broke out.
here's the mr. it provides the framework.
in each place, we built exhibitions with a story, and the story traveled.
and we would help them adapt.
tumor cells can travel through the blood vessels.
if it works in africa then it will work anywhere.
if your pen could replicate, that would be a bit of a problem.
and by the way, our towns and cities are where they are, and grew where they were because they occupy all the important sites.
so, fairness to one and to the other is not divisible.
that's far more than the 50 billion tony blair wants to raise for africa.
so we learned a few lessons in commercializing and making drybath available.
the number one cause of death on this planet among humans is bad water.
second, it would enable lifelong learning.
there actually is something here, but it's degraded.
you're all welcome to join.
those manufacturers can then sell those medicines at much lower cost to people who need access to them, to treatment programs that need access to them.
what's the opposite of terrorism?
there's still enough nuclear weapons in the arsenals of the superpowers to destroy the earth many, many times over.
this, i think, is the most important fact to bear in mind in british politics or american politics, and that is we have run out of money.
when he goes to work, he doesn't stop by to talk to anybody, he doesn't call.
and i believe that the decades ahead of us now will be to a greater or lesser extent turbulent the more or less we are able to achieve that aim to bring governance to the global space.
and, in fact, we're very lucky in this region.
we weren't trying to be funny, we weren't trying to be -- well, we were trying to be funny actually, that's not true.
we can't see what makes people tick, at least not without difficulty.
i was, you can see there, pulling two sledges.
i was there alone, setting up, and a homeless man approached.
you can't get an exact number for that kind of probability, but what i'm trying to say is that we have all the elements of that happening.
and throughout the book, there's over an hour of documentary footage and interactive animations.
so basically, what this focuses on is saying, we can do a lot more by investing in prevention.
while we try to manage declining marine populations, the media's recommending increased consumption of seafood.
and likewise, the 40 billion dollars that they generate into the global economy each year is the tiniest proportion of the global economy to ever be represented by slave labor.
instead of driving 12,000 miles a year, which is what the average city dweller does, they drive 500 miles a year. are they happy?
many people suspect that just as we've gone from believing in one solar system to zillions of solar systems, one galaxy to many galaxies, we have to go to many big bangs from one big bang, perhaps these many big bangs displaying an immense variety of properties.
and then you hope that one of us lot will walk around and find small pieces of you.
but we have a new hope. we have a new man.
httpwww.ted.comtalksyoavmedanultrasoundsurgeryhealingwithoutcuts.html
that would be a mildly arrogant viewpoint.
and expressions of compassion are also found in our international offices.
trojan horses on our computer networks reveal all our achilles' heels instantly.
it's plaster and just zinc.
tamara, are you recording?
this is matt berlin interacting with leo, introducing leo to a new object.
he grabbed his pen, he snatched his scissors.
it sounds sort of like tweeeeeet. like that.
some of the crackles and pops were lightning, but the eerie whistles and curiously melodious chirps had a rather more exotic origin.
wars persist. power persists.
we have to flee our women and children, we have to run.
and that makes me really sad because i'm sick and tired of things not working.
and what if we go back beyond that single ancestor, when there was presumably a competition among many languages?
so i thought today i'd do something a little different, and talk about what we're looking for, rather than saying, you know, rather than giving you tried-and-true examples.
disease,global issues,health,science
so it would be a good thing.
and it's been a great motivator.
httpwww.ted.comtalksjimmywalesonthebirthofwikipedia.html
when i showed this in south africa, everybody after was going, yeah, hey, car on a stick. like this.
a new agreement was presented to sioux chiefs and their leading men under a campaign known as sell or starve sign the paper, or no food for your tribe.
are they positively correlated? giving money makes you happy.
in this case, the hand would move and we'd see it waving at us in middle world. the odds against it, of course, are so great that if you set out writing zeros at the time of the origin of the universe, you still would not have written enough zeros to this day.
now watch out, stay away from them now.
beautiful, royal people.
and pat metheny and jim hall were there and they recorded with us.
so art buchwald left his legacy of humor with a video that appeared soon after he died, saying, hi i'm art buchwald, and i just died.
but there are four x-ray plates.
now it turns out, in the mathematics, you can put it in as a term that's an energy, but it's a completely different type of energy from anything we've ever seen before.
that's kind of a no-brainer.
thank you.
so we actually managed to reconcile the needs of the design company, the needs of the individuals in the company, to feel good about a product we were actually designing, and the needs of the individuals we were designing it for.
the good news is that this is happening today.
 by talking heads so the nature of the room meant that words could be understood.
this is the ejaculation face of the stump-tailed macaque.
as we look at these trends, do we become despondent, or will we become energized?
what parts of you do you connect to?
there are numerous inherited faults that could make the machine process noisier.
and our media is less global by the day.
kiribati has frozen extracting activities at its current state while we raise the endowment.
and that's what we're going through at this time.
kay, now can you see anything?
that's an example of a complex social system which has the ability of self-organizing, and this is a very deep insight.
girl no.
astrolabes have an incredible history.
i could barely breathe.
the good news about this is that the global community -- again, my brazilian friends tell me -- is pitching in to help out.
now, what im going to do is, im going to see how -- i cant see out of these, ok.
so last summer, i attended a wedding in southern england.
these virtual weapons can also destroy the physical world.
and you weigh these options out -- you do the simple cost-benefit analysis, and you decide whether it's worthwhile to commit the crime or not.
the problem with this model is that there are some amazing messages that need to be said that aren't profitable to say.
that's called the photophoretic force.
and you can see already it occupies most of what we now know as eastern china, which is where the vast majority of chinese lived then and live now.
every time we lead one of these efforts we have to whip ourselves into this imminent threat thing.
i think we're doing it right now, but we're doing it unconsciously.
httpwww.ted.comtalksdanarielyonourbuggymoralcode.html
what we see unlocks the invisible ties and bonds of sympathy that bring us together to become a human community.
it had to do with death and disease and lots of other things.
and then they alternate in their propulsion, but the patterns are all the same. almost every organism we've looked at this way -- you'll see next week, i'll give you a hint, there'll be an article coming out that says that really big things like t. rex probably couldn't do this, but you'll see that next week.
he was a well-known revolutionary in paris at the time.
in fact, we can even make the stuff of life -- as i just said, all the stuff around us.
and in the 21st century, you have to do an analog to that.
red-lining was used by banks, wherein certain sections of the city, including ours, were deemed off-limits to any sort of investment.
diamonds. ah, i memorized hearts.
they're going to learn from whatever it is they have around them.
there's a new microbe, i just discovered it.
all but one guy, this guy named mormon, who managed to survive by hiding in the woods.
having an experience is taking part in the world.
tom otterness contributed, maira kalman contributed and it became this cathartic experience for us.
i've come across them at the organizations that everybody raves about as being best in class.
oh, isn't that funny there's another great one over here.
it's as loud as a 747 jet. you can't get in the car; it's got bulletproof glass on the windows because they'll blow out the windshield otherwise.
people on the east coast in 1849, when they first started to get the news, they thought, ah, this isn't real.
the secret to productivity in so many fields -- and in origami -- is letting dead people do your work for you.
as you can see, he's heavily influenced by graffiti and street art, and his home city of mumbai is an ever-present element in his work.
if i said to you that there is somebody behind the screen who is very very successful, certain ideas would immediately come to mind.
i know that they were tougher for a lot of people, not just me.
hometown security means creating wealth here at home, instead of destroying it overseas.
dh whenever you're ready there, big guy.
we are the old machines.
it turned out everybody had exactly the same questions and doubts.
miguel nicolelis a monkey that controls a robot with its thoughts. no, really.
if you were lucky enough to be born in okinawa, you were born into a system where you automatically have a half a dozen friends with whom you travel through life.
we're seeing on our data that consumers are realizing this is a marathon, not a sprint.
you house is in a terrible state.
existential risk is a threat to human survival, or to the long-term potential of our species.
a playstation ii is in the works, maybe for the next ted i'll bring it.
have you been watching the commercials?
i have three wishes. well, i can't do much about africa.
the instructions which govern this operation must be given in absolutely exhaustive detail.
what's up with the chinese character i keep seeing by the side of the road?
i can't look you in the eyes and tell you that there is such a solution for those things, or the energy crisis, or world hunger, or peace in conflict.
we want peace.
i want you to just stand exactly like this for me, pull up your sleeves, if you don't mind.
so this was how it came into my service, and it was different from the men.
business,communication,culture,entertainment,social change,social media,technology
and then he turned to me, not stupidly, and he said, what was your childhood like?
people were out.
now, we have a rationale for that.
i worked in other parts of new zealand as well, in beautiful, fragile, protected areas like in fiordland, where this sea pen colony was found.
and part of what mission blue is about is yelling, stop
what's more likely -- that arnold had a little extraterrestrial help in his run for the governorship?
people are remaking things into fashion.
i meet a lot of people who are very smart, and say, but why can't i figure out my problems?
but if there is an abnormal activity in the fusiform gyrus, they may hallucinate faces, and this is exactly what you find in some of these people.
this is actually just a microorganism.
so that's just a fun little example here of the sorts of things we do.
or paul baran, and his vision for packet switching.
and then, be obscure clearly be wild of tongue in a way we can understand.
fortunately, just after the earthquake, geoeye, a commercial company, released satellite imagery with a license, which allowed the open-source community to use it.
the person said, no, that's fine.
so, what does a sunny place need? not habitat per se.
harness, parachute.
so obviously we didn't have any money.
i expected people to be wondering, why did i draw a sheep?
the blue there is india.
we print geometry where we can make industrial design objects like, you know, shoes, leather belts, handbags, etc., where no sentient creature is harmed.
i rarely bathed. i sometimes didn't shave. it was dreadful.
and of course, as a model in those years, you couldn't control it.
but they have those social skills.
in fact, if you look really closely at stuff, if you look at the basic substructure of matter, there isn't anything there.
i don't know what the hell i'm doing here.
most of our education system is push.
we should be celebrating play.
and what we do is we partner it with authentic learning experiences, private-based learning.
now we can get it for about 100 dollars.
so they get immune to sounds that scare them after awhile.
but they vary even more, possibly moving towards infrared and ultraviolet in the extremes.
that was the first chart i came up with.
can we really scale this up? can we really embed robotics into every part?
but moving on.
and it turns out that there are three main messages used by the donor agencies for these condoms fear, financing and fidelity.
so i did the next best thing.
that's the system.
and the second great thing about conservatives they get ecology.
if we also have to wait for silence, they may miss a critical opportunity to communicate.
well, yes, in fact we do and the list can start becoming longer and longer.
you can think of this as the language of thought, or mentalese.
the bbc beeps, they sound turquoise, and listening to mozart became a yellow experience, so i started to paint music and paint people's voices, because people's voices have frequencies that i relate to color.
and so i didn't really get happy until 1960, because then we found out, basically, you know, that there are three forms of rna.
i'm not even telling you the story because i think we should be running more carefully controlled randomized trials in all aspects of public policy, although i think that would also be completely awesome.
i was welcomed into this loose, internet-based network of people who regularly explore urban ruins such as abandoned subway stations, tunnels, sewers, aqueducts, factories, hospitals, shipyards and so on.
i remember what you said to me.
we have the zone with the sugar palms, and then we have this fence with very thorny palms to keep the orangutans -- that we provide with a place to live in the middle -- and the people apart.
and so the authorities became convinced that this smell was this problem.
the importance of coming to grips with values like justice, equity, truth, becomes increasingly evident as students discover that interest alone cannot tell them what they need to know when the issue is rethinking education, our approach to health, or strategies for achieving an economics of equity.
so poor countries are by and large low trust countries.
i've got, you know, this enormous balloon above me, it's the biggest parachute ever, why not use it?
now that's a big abstract number.
so today i want to upgrade it to 2.0 version.
this sediment is 100 percent made up of the shells of microscopic plants.
we think that we can actually create a crowdsourced filter.
until anesthesia, the absence of sensation.
and this is where we're actually going.
it was also the day after the inauguration, and i was reminded how mathare is still connected to the globe.
because in my family, reading was the primary group activity.
hc delicious.
shiploads of thuja are what my body wants to say to your body.
so in one of their projects called southwark circle, they worked with residents in southwark, south london and a small team of designers to develop a new membership organization to help the elderly with household tasks.
but the thing is, in a comprehensible universe, if something isn't forbidden by the laws of physics, then what could possibly prevent us from doing it, other than knowing how?
they were two lifetimes of the same hero.
but when we change people's faces, are we changing their identity -- for better or for worse?
shimon steinberg natural pest control ... using bugs
and the moment, and i mean the moment, the moment that hit me, i swear to god, it was like woo hoo you know -- something to believe in.
so how do you know these are meals eaten at home?
i should say, it is more practical than people think.
and that's where i think organizations like ted, like the extreme ice survey can have a terrific impact on human perception and bring us along.
at first, living in the van was great.
anyway, as you'll see in a moment, susana was able to turn on the flight motor of what's the equivalent of the spinal cord of these flies and get some of the headless bodies to actually take off and fly away.
today when you go to bosnia it is almost impossible to believe that what we saw in the early 1990s happened.
and it doth follow, as night the day, that thou canst not then be false to any man.
turn that piece of paper that you did the sketch on back over, and youll find those 30 circles printed on the piece of paper.
one in particular is a judge named robert russell.
i feel like i'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe.
so, if i know how fast it goes around, i know the mass.
but we believe the answer for why those numbers have the values they do may rely on the form of the extra dimensions.
we do expect to see a sea-level rise on the order of one to two meters by the end of this century.
for 200 years, the world was essentially governed by a fragment of the human population.
and so why don't we go and click the video.
so now i'm going to tell you how to get out of that.
it's about this really.
i mean, does it have to be this painful, top-down process?
and, by the way, my god doesn't have to show up on cheese bread.
we make sure that the telemedicine platform gives access to expert medical specialists anywhere in the world, just by a click of the button.
and this was a period of time when we failed tremendously.
for those who live on the mainland, it was tough being away from home.
the second example from music is from john cage's modernist composition, 4'33.
so they go deep inside mines to find a kind of environmental silence that will allow them to hear the ping of a dark matter particle hitting their detector.
we discover that, for example, mental illnesses are amongst the leading causes of disability around the world.
it is time for us to accept both the extraordinary successes of mammography and the limitations.
we are missing the story of fareeda, a music teacher, a piano teacher, in sarajevo, who made sure that she kept the music school open every single day in the four years of besiege in sarajevo and walked to that school, despite the snipers shooting at that school and at her, and kept the piano, the violin, the cello playing the whole duration of the war, with students wearing their gloves and hats and coats.
1041
and when you get to that point -- i mean, these maladies don't care how many books you've written, how many companies you've started, that nobel prize you have yet to win, how much time you planned to spend with your children.
and these are looking in the blog world and the world of weblogs.
one of them is creating technologies to promote micro-finance and micro-enterprise, so that people who are living below the poverty line can find a way to move out -- and that they're not doing it using the same traditional basket making, poultry rearing, etc.
yellow mustard seeds, turmeric, and paprika. that was mustard.
your own experience reveals, in spite of all limitations, you are the whole.
it was completely new, and no one had done it before, including adults.
i don't know about this, but this is what i can decipher from this diagram in 24 seconds.
1172
but how will we know? how will we come to know?
in contrast to if you went inside the dome, where it's kind of wild and crazy and everybody's learning all kinds of things, or fooling around, or whatever they're doing.
you can remove 90 percent of the internet and it is continuing to work.
and that changed everything for me. it was totally life changing.
you can build a dna array machine in your garage.
and you actually start this game in a drop of water, as a very, very small single-cell creature, and right off the bat you basically just have to live, survive, reproduce.
what you're doing is sizing up the pattern of structural features here, and then you go through your databanks -- brrrr, cell phone.
and this is what they were building.
we have to migrate from all this complexity towards general principles and goals.
and it just began like in the beginning of february. so who knows?
it's done in the dark, because it's actually less steep than what comes next, and you can gain daylight hours if you do this in the dark.
there are moments when losing your queen is a brilliant thing to do.
dh all right, we'll do this trick, but please remember it took us over 10 years to perfect.
andrew ng so in large-scale machine learning, we'd like to come up with computational ...
many are dying because of all those kind of pandemics, hiv, malaria, poverty, not going to school.
sales tripled. why?
to a beautiful lady of a certain age.
every trip to the store, or to church or to a friend's house occasions a walk.
africa,architecture,bacteria,biology,design,sustainability,water
it's one of the great questions of our time.
economics,health,statistics,technology,visualizations
or you can do beautiful things that, if the camera can capture, you can make.
in a wildly entertaining discussion with richard saul wurman, architect frank gehry gives tedsters his take on the power of failure, his recent buildings, and the all-important then what? factor.
i came back home, told my mother, i'd like to live and work in a village.
and what is dialogue really about?
just the sort of everyday heroics of new yorkers.
our conclusions from our studies so far, at three research centers, is there is a marked improvement in pain levels after using it just once.
but actually these, like i said, are still the actual prototype.
how to tell a political story but an allegorical story.
she started tailoring.
because the sloth bears in the wild were obviously getting depleted because of this.
that's not so surprising.
this is a system that's been around a very long time.
so, what i'd like to talk about is something that was very dear to kahn's heart, which is how do we discover what is really particular about a project?
our sun is one of 400 billion stars in our galaxy, and we know that many other stars have planetary systems.
if you see a comic movie, you go off to the left side.
if you see the shadows that come through that, they're actually probably more important than the product, but it's the minimum it takes.
shukla bose well, that girl that you saw, her father sells flowers on the roadside.
so i was one of their failures.
it is important in choosing the direction to take in science to find the subject at your level of competence that interests you deeply, and focus on that.
this is an area way outside the national park, stretching out into all these very degraded lands.
they're immensely powerful social institutions and many of their features can be traced back to earlier features that we can really make sense of by reverse engineering.
and i flew over a lagoon with a shark in it, and that was the day that my comic strip about a shark was born.
but then something even more interesting happens.
you can tell by the power squat, i was a very confident boy -- and not without reason.
contrast this to rooms that were designed using a sustainable passive design strategy where air came in from the outside through louvers.
you want a little more raspberry, a little more chocolate here or there?
and you put on the t-10 parachute.
and that meant that foreigners, as it said in the treaty, were allowed to trade freely in china.
and to make the project affordable, we focused our energy.
there is clearly a range of materials that constitute healthy food.
richard koshalek unclear starts from 2004.
and then the faucet, there, is a beer tap.
just to give you an example from iran, we all heard about the twitter revolution that happened there, but if you look close enough, you'll actually see that many of the networks and blogs and twitter and facebook were actually operational.
but we're different from trees, and they can also teach us something about ourselves in the differences that we have.
the truth is sub-saharan africa has 24 percent of the global disease burden and yet only three percent of the world's health care workers.
they have to, in fact, make sure this ice never gets warmer than about 20 degrees below zero, otherwise, the key gases inside it will dissipate.
it's true. some people say to me, they say, ze, you're doing all this stuff, this internet stuff, and you're not making any money.
and the whitney is moving downtown and is building their new museum right at the base of the high line.
but i think i probably used a different word starting with the letter f.
tom friedman, in his recent new york times article, captured, in the way that no one else could, the spirit behind our effort.
if you double the size of a city from 100,000 to 200,000, from a million to two million, 10 to 20 million, it doesn't matter, then systematically you get a 15 percent increase in wages, wealth, number of aids cases, number of police, anything you can think of.
will it maybe get lowered if we alter the economy of the area?
but what does a cell do?
but jaap is one of the world experts in performing it.
imagine what it means for your personal security as a heavily armed civilian population gets angrier and angrier about why this was allowed to happen.
this is a terrible thing, even though i understand pain.
so after looking at these three, and 47 others, we concluded that the stirling engine would be the best one to use.
the second is a life of engagement -- a life in your work, your parenting, your love, your leisure, time stops for you.
if there is publication bias, if small negative trials have gone missing in action, you can see it on one of these graphs.
and so what we did was we looked, and we found that cassava is indeed grown in haiti, under the name of manioc.
we had to draw our audience in, get them to slow down, to explore the objects.
what we have here is a list of old viruses.
you need to feel like you're making a difference.
they say, this is not fair, because these countries had vaccines and antibiotics that were not available for sweden.
and unicef, god bless them, they said, okay, we'll have a go.
but what was his decision of what to focus on?
and i was sure that i was going to have a heart attack.
but more importantly, it saves lives.
we determine how this will all end.
and we've done, in the past four years, a proof of concept on a small part of the rodent brain, and with this proof of concept we are now scaling the project up to reach the human brain.
by unlocking and nurturing their creative potential, we can create a step change in africa's future.
we hope that ted can contribute in a full and fundamental way to the building of this new era in the teaching of music, in which the social, communal, spiritual and vindicatory aims of the child and the adolescent become a beacon and a goal for a vast social mission.
but that's not what we did.
you know, literally after seeing that image, and finding out what bateson was working with, we started to use these rules for symmetry breaking and branching to start to think about architectural form.
i was sure of it.
we cannot expand anymore, because it erodes the planetary boundaries.
i would send out my books. i would send out hundreds of postcards to editors and art directors, but they would go unanswered.
that's what i try and show in my stand-up. there's good people everywhere.
and hopefully, you're not talking down to kids and you're not talking in such a way that you, you know, couldn't stand reading it after one time.
so, when you move forward from something fairly small, a dress which is this size, onto something like that which is done in exactly the same process, you can see that that is a lot of work.
and we talk about how women have such strong perceptions, because of our tenuous position and our role as tradition-keepers, that we can have the great potential to be change-agents.
it's actually printing this two chamber heart, one layer at a time.
once they get a temperature reading on the thermocouple indicating they found the sun, then they slow down and do a fine search, then all the petals will move into position, and then the engine will start.
it's three-quarters, roughly, which is less than one -- and we call that sublinear.
but it was like sex, you didn't have to be told.
in the upper right of that picture on the left is almost the mississippi delta, and the lower left of that picture is the texas-mexico border.
20 years ago, tim berners-lee invented the world wide web. for his next project, he's building a web for open, linked data that could do for numbers what the web did for words, pictures, video unlock our data and reframe the way we use it together.
in this short, optimistic talk from ted2009, pete alcorn shares a vision of the world of two centuries from now -- when declining populations and growing opportunity prove malthus was wrong.
we have things like e. coli that we can't fix, that we can't make kids better when they get sick.
and you then ask the question why is the water hot?
and especially for me, as i sat in my office with my excel spreadsheet open, waiting for sudhir to come and deliver to me the latest load of data that he would get from the gang.
you're going to sort of breathe life into it.
he says, you see, when she said, 'good morning,' i picked up her fife accent.
this is the view looking at the southeast ridge.
and i realize that my life is completely out of balance.
so that in the terrorist attacks of november they were the first responder, and are now beginning to scale, because of partnership.
we visit kibbutzim that were established by holocaust survivors.
actually, even so, he was turned down by verizon and others.
dna is a very elegant molecule.
it's probably the best place in the world to see them.
energy and technology are not the same thing.
it's the project of a guy named zhang lei, who was living in the united states during the lhasa riots and who couldn't believe how biased american media coverage was.
cp there are, certainly.
peter eigen how to expose the corrupt
because the fact is, humans have made a huge hole in nature in the last 10,000 years.
1577
the truth of the matter is otherwise.
and that's one of the things that bill's been doing, is providing scientists with this first view of animals like this, in the world where they belong.
it's not used for anything.
that's why we've spent a lot of time thinking about how to make this data meaningful to the people who use it.
so that is audacious, you say. i agree.
and so we're starting up a program to do out-of-print works, but loaning them.
so they might go through, pass through the okapi faunal reserve.
so what is the lesson behind it?
and the first thing you need is ... a crowd, a group of people who share a common interest.
so we have achieved an awful lot relative to the 20th century, and yet far too little relative to the gravity of the crime that is unfolding as we sit here, as we speak.
so i'm very happy to have been invited here to ted.
i just wanted to, using the complexity and the technology of the brain, of the human brain.
you have to convey the actual content -- here we get back to the container metaphor.
so, what is a nuclear terror threat?
but if we blink now, we will lose forever the chance to eradicate an ancient disease.
some countries accept that their databases can go out on the world, but what we really need is, of course, a search function.
that's a complicated problem; that's a lot to know.
when you have two of anything -- two eyes, two ears, two noses, just two protrusions -- those all partake of the form of two.
but as early as 1968, this visionary man, robert kennedy, at the start of his ill-fated presidential campaign, gave the most eloquent deconstruction of gross national product that ever has been.
he proudly said he played king lear.
and i want to change the story a little bit.
you don't want to stop in the middle like coleridge's kubla kahn.
245
and you get him turned on, then he'll learn all the new stuff.
how about you get on the phone?
next year eight. i wasn't doing it for brownie points, but after eight, i thought, shit, i could use some help.
kartikeya leapt on his peacock and flew around the continents and the mountains and the oceans.
we decided to come into the u.s.
we have no idea. we don't know what the counterfactual is.
this is an origami figure -- one sheet, no cuts, folding only, hundreds of folds.
children one, two, three, go.
but the new idea, the sort of revolutionary idea, of the slow movement, is that there is such a thing as good slow, too.
and madhav said, why do we have to do it that way?
and also, the clone, sina company is the guy who cloned twitter.
she's got six years to live because of the food that she's eaten.
for me, i really love this idea.
children,education,gaming,psychology,technology,violence
detrol. in the side effects for his drug, integrated into that, the stem cell transplant that he had, the first in the world, shared openly for anyone who wants to see it.
and this is called horse sense fence.
life in the mid-21st century is going to be about living locally.
i said, move your normal hand.
well, the picture is, there is a huge gap here.
people want to customize their lives.
perhaps we'd achieve similar productivity gains in society to those we've had in the economy and in technology.
khaled why would i want to put it on?
no ... not at all.
well, what about other great leaders? what about gandhi?
i happen to find that particular staircase picture very glamorous because, to me, it captures the whole promise of the academic contemplative life -- but maybe that's because i went to princeton.
the bard said everything best, of course, and he's making my point here but he's making it hyperbolically 'tis nothing good or bad  but thinking makes it so.
and so we came in with a second round of patient capital to a to z, a loan as well as a grant, so that a to z could play with pricing and listen to the marketplace, and found a number of things.
it's a crippling time.
now, mayor bloomberg, thank you very much, we no longer need work permits, which comes with slices and bonded contractors -- we're available for you -- we decided to go to boston.
after the surgery, they were perceived as being more intelligent, more friendly, more honest, less violent -- and yet we hadn't operated on their intellect or their character.
we can and must do better, not just in time for her granddaughters and my daughters, but in time for you.
and by the time of his son darius, the whole of the eastern mediterranean is under persian control.
in this inspiring talk about recent developments in biomimicry, janine benyus provides heartening examples of ways in which nature is already influencing the products and systems we build.
what kinds of rules?
well, it's pretty simple.
you feel kind of sleepy afterwards.
these are maps, by the way.
and if you imagine what, say, just as an example, what google labs has in terms of experiments with google docs, google spreadsheets, blah, blah, blah -- all these things are going to become web based.
some of the firemen told me that they were also inspired to do better because they were so pleased to get thank-yous rather than brick bats.
the nursery, in here, is quite different.
here a community camp just organized by the community themselves, where they find a place, organize volunteers, and then we'll do our part. you know, check their vision, and then you have doctors who you find out what the problem is and then determine what further testing should be done, and then those tests are done by technicians who check for glasses, or check for glaucoma.
in our first year, the first net went off the line in october of 2003.
and so this is basically a song about loops, but not the kind of loops that i make up here.
i'm going to talk all about that.
culture,entertainment,jazz,music
and this is of a student of mine named joseph who i had the good fortune to work with for three years in my lab.
i'm really worried that, especially kids today, they're not going to be dealing with this down-time, that they have an instantaneous button-clicking culture, and that everything comes to them, and that they become very excited about it and very addicted to it.
but everything we do is in a different context.
who are we to pretend that we know so little about human well-being that we have to be non-judgmental about a practice like this?
often the first time anyone saw what happened to their house was on virtual earth.
the first igbo bible was translated from english in about the 1800s by bishop crowther, who was a yoruba.
and old lady ran to the door and say, who is it?
you are protecting us by showing what is happening at tahrir square.
things are going on this decade, next decade; it's a very short time that we have to decide what we are going to do.
now, she had no idea what to look for.
and how many people have actually seen a live pig producing this meat?
and they are helping each other solve these issues.
in fact, i had always thought it was a series of emotions, from very high to very low.
now we can compare this to cutting-edge human performance.
and i would never want to deprive you of that epiphany.
this is a million people gathering on the banks of the ganges in 2001, perhaps the largest single gathering of human beings ever, as seen from satellite photograph.
gray-yellow hair, army pants under a nightgown, her turning away, hiding her ravaged face in her hands, muttering an inappropriate hi.
bluefin have two populations one large, one small.
and it is through communications today that i believe that that is not an unreal idea.
and it means that people like many of us, who have run organizations, and gone out of our way to try to find the very best people we can, mostly fail to get the best out of them.
culture,future,global issues,social change,technology
greg lynn talks about the mathematical roots of architecture -- and how calculus and digital tools allow modern designers to move beyond the traditional building forms. a glorious church in queens illustrate his theory.
we could have planted many, many more, but we didn't want to because we wanted to keep the number of jobs stable.
girl 3 like the stock market, it goes up and down and stuff.
there are three reasons that i believe that boys are out of sync with the culture of schools today.
it was very strange for me to do something of social value.
among the other interesting things that have cropped up are many things from businesses, from marketing and communications and predictable things, to an insanely popular korean-barbecue taco truck that drives around l.a. and twitters where it stops, causing a line to form around the block.
insects, those six-legged organisms and spiders or mites, the eight-legged organisms.
so he and mom went to dinner, and i snuck out and thought it'd be really cool to do donuts or even some figure-eights in the snow.
today, every day, 9,000 more africans will catch hiv because of stigmatization and lack of education.
the bad news is this doesn't bring us universal compassion by itself.
it's the result of very sustained and prolonged political activism that you get the right regulations, and that you get the right corporate behavior.
can you see the bubble?
now, here's another thing that happens, which is what i call sometimes terminal 5 syndrome, which is that big, expensive things get big, highly-intelligent attention, and they're great, and terminal 5 is absolutely magnificent, until you get down to the small detail, the usability, which is the signage, which is catastrophic.
and i'm not going to show you some of the wonderful historic imagery in here, but there are some with horses and carriages and so on as well.
a far more effective way to create forms, i have found, is to use information that is already contained in forms.
how many of you believe that if you went to renew your license tomorrow, and you went to the dmv, and you would encounter one of these forms, that it would actually change your own behavior?
here is the plan.
we became much more social. the social networks expanded.
one thing we mustn't think is that compassion makes you miserable.
and so the experiment really rests on the following what happens in the brain during something that's memorized and over-learned, and what happens in the brain during something that is spontaneously generated, or improvised, in a way that's matched motorically and in terms of lower-level sensory motor features?
and the thing about john d. is that he went into this chaotic wild-east of oil industry, and he rationalized it into a vertically integrated company, a multinational.
so not surprisingly, there's a lot of effort that's been done to look at alternative cooking fuels.
none of the glamour that you see today existed.
so the ultimate goal of psychoanalytic psychotherapy was really what freud called ordinary misery.
but he was setting fiscal policy in that game for high school players who were playing with him.
i certainly would implore you to open the door just a little bit and take a look at what's outside.
ueli gegenschatz pretty much. i believe this is probably the closest possibility to come to the dream of being able to fly.
we basically eliminated it.
what we're using there is, we're using something, a piece of technology called tellme.
i dabble in design. i'm a curator of architecture and design; i happen to be at the museum of modern art.
so, color enables us to see the similarities and differences between surfaces, according to the full spectrum of light that they reflect.
getting a little more technical now.
so, now i'm going to take you on a tour of the building.
probably the worst advice i ever got.
now when the price of any technology declines that dramatically, the barriers to entry go down.
i find my experience from 20 years of africa is that the seemingly impossible is possible.
i don't belong there.
these three levels of the hierarchy needs relate to the five levels of maslow's hierarchy of needs.
i study fish, also the bigger things, whales and dolphins.
you can see the eye socket and you can see the little teeth in the front.
i was thinking, i just finished making another film about world war ii vets, and i realized i'd gotten to know their stories, and i realized this was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to tell a warrior's story as it unfolded.
that's a very far-fetched idea, but i really believe that it may be possible.
my point is this in the long run, some news stories are more important than others.
and i said, why don't you use that?
militias were raping six-month-old babies so that countries far away could get access to gold and coltan for their iphones and computers.
what we need to build is a force for the everything else.
beau lotto what are you reading? half the letters are missing. right?
it can ring out a kind of recording throughout the universe of some of the most dramatic events as they unfold.
so you have a very bad name, state department. this is not the state department.
marcus read.
and that's a video, a high-definition video that is transmitted through that light beam.
this funky little thing people didn't used to think that it was worth taking samples out of nuclear reactors because it was dangerous and, of course, nothing lived there.
and we're hoping that -- you know, our belief is that humans need to feel empathy towards things in order to be more human.
you can track it back to the factory. once you can track it back to the factory, you can look at the manufacturing processes that were used to make it, and if it's virtuous, you can label it that way. or if it's not so virtuous, you can go into -- today, go into any store, put your scanner on a palm onto a barcode, which will take you to a website.
and i think that's sort of the point of improv everywhere.
if you look first at the behavior of the fly on the right, you can see that whenever it reaches the midpoint of the chamber where the two odors meet, it marches straight through, as it did before.
then i'm looking the next lane, lane two, is 12.8.
many people believe, in fact, that death begins in the eyes, not in the heart, not in the lungs, and that's when people give up hope, or when any life form gives up hope.
there was all sorts of press coverage, all over the world, going right down to dr. strangelove saves the earth, from the economist.
it will become virulent and it's something we have to build resilience against.
so we basically turned the box into a bubble.
and then something very dramatic happened.
and they actually use the nintendo wii remote.
1049
as opposed to knowing the whole story, just knowing a little bit of the story, and then letting your own mind fill in the rest.
you coming? you no coming?
and in that time she saved many girls. and when we met her we asked her what we could do for her, and she said, well, if you got me a jeep i could get around a lot faster.
wanting to do the right thing in the right way for the right reasons.
the computational power is amazing.
but despite that cold, you could have rain falling down on the surface of titan.
now, the term information society, information economy, for a very long time has been used as the thing that comes after the industrial revolution. but in fact, for purposes of understanding what's happening today, that's wrong. because for 150 years, we've had an information economy.
i never -- i don't like plots.
and i think that the answer is, we can look at mortality data, and we can use mortality data to figure out what the prevalence was in the past.
the best available answer is that they were literally the earliest known works of art, practical tools transformed into captivating aesthetic objects, contemplated both for their elegant shape and their virtuoso craftsmanship.
why did they not die?
it's in our nature to go ricocheting back and forth between this technocratic solution and a larger, sort of more romantic image of where we are.
and this particular one is about cigarette addiction.
even for amphibians.
i realized that the truly appropriate, low-cost tools that i needed to start a sustainable farm and settlement just didn't exist yet.
but we're also making this available both online and in public spaces, as a way of each of us to use music and images from our lives to make our own legacy or to make a legacy of someone we love.
we love them.
but of course, having schizophrenia, within a few months, it returned.
india and china used to be 40 percent of the global economy just at the industrial revolution, and they are now about 4.8 percent.
so as a patriot, i felt it was important to -- i wear all the earplugs and the earphones, and it's really improved my life in a surprising and unexpected way.
but as many people have said, there's a large attempt to suppress what's going on.
they have just a kind of very low-level soul.
but what are the conditions that make it possible?
today, the average korean works a thousand hours more a year than the average german -- a thousand.
but it's become something else.
now in life, and in meditation, there'll be times when the focus becomes a little bit too intense, and life starts to feel a bit like this.
and so we end up with vain decisions and we can't even afford our mortgage.
in the gulf oil spill's aftermath, lisa margonelli says drilling moratoriums and executive ousters make for good theater, but distract from the issue at its heart our unrestrained oil consumption. she shares her bold plan to wean america off of oil -- by confronting consumers with its real cost.
on new york city's 34th street, gridlock will soon be replaced with a connected system of vehicle-specific corridors.
these things don't exist outside of the office.
they lose this stuff that facilitates this sort of playful and building mode of thinking.
so we have very diverse contributors in terms of political, religious, cultural backgrounds.
and we used to say that it should fall four percent per year.
i love diplomacy -- i have no career -- i expected my entire life to be a diplomat, to be serving my country.
and i think i'm speaking obviously here to the father's experience.
so i like to invent things too, and i think i'll close out my set with something i invented a good while back.
they can disappear and escape bullets.
so after i had spent some years in the u.s. as an african, i began to understand my roommate's response to me.
can anyone see what it is?
this disease was terrifying.
and you know what, when you really believe in yourself and everything about you, it's extraordinary what happens.
so many of us are convinced now that west antarctica, the west antarctic ice sheet, is starting to melt.
and they built beautiful cities all powered on that coal.
this time you can have three words.
it's kind of an inspiring statement, and i'll go back at the end of this.
thank you very much.
about 40 percent of all the people -- i said 400,000. i meant 40,000.
i had somebody from an ngo once describe it to me as bowling in the dark.
it's got tentacles dangling, swirling around like that.
well, actually, i only had one vicodin that i scanned lots and lots of times.
bruce mccall's faux nostalgia
just as the morphology and the complexity of life on earth is never ending, little embellishments and complexifications in the dna code lead to new things like giraffes, or orchids -- so too, do little embellishments in the crochet code lead to new and wondrous creatures in the evolutionary tree of crochet life.
and then she turned to me and said, and you know what those young actors did?
this is jim dine, and it's the absence of presence, etc.
and he put these two bridges with pink guardrails on it.
and so this is a philippe starck juicer, produced by alessi.
you could even hear it.
first, about a guy named nathan winograd.
because when it asked its staff, all its staff, to place their bets on whether they thought the store would open on time or not, a group from the finance department placed all their chips on that not happening.
the good news, for what it's worth, is after sergio and 21 others were killed that day in the attack on the u.n., the military created a search and rescue unit that had the cutting equipment, the shoring wood, the cranes, the things that you would have needed to do the rescue.
there's a container underneath that's collecting that tissue.
and then the southernmost maldives.
now we study this, as the nerdy, laboratory, university-based scientists that we are, by engaging the brains of animals like rats, or monkeys, or of this particularly curious creature -- one of the more bizarre forms of life on earth -- to engage them in learning new skills and abilities.
and they account for, for example the beautiful evolution of a language-specific processor in every normally developing baby.
and i think the environmental movement has to grow up and start to think about what progress is.
now what if you put together women and humor?
your first -- your first pocketknife is like the first universal tool that you're given.
i didn't even recognize half the names in most of the food that i was eating.
and if you can hit that lower-right sound icon, that's an example of what was recorded in the scanner.
green carbon, which is the deforestation and agricultural emissions, and blue carbon together comprise 25 percent of our emissions.
pianist and composer jennifer lin gives a magical performance, talks about the process of creativity and improvises a moving solo piece based on a random sequence of notes.
steven pinker on language and thought
ok, i want to show you kind of a busy chart, but in it is my prediction with what's going to happen.
646
and kevin kennon, rick scofidio, liz diller and all the people within the city -- norman lear, who i spoke to four hours before our deadline for funding, offered to give us a bridge loan to help us get through it.
now, move the base off to the side, and the ring will split up into arcs, ok.
they will completely lose.
so now we can continue this mutualism by suggesting that they can make an active tail.
but you'll notice the level of excitement.
that gives you the clue.
gradually, you get this idea that sustainable life is less fun than normal life.
but it's an animal that's about 98 percent in decline throughout most of its range.
these are ongoing experiments.
so let's move to chapter two the oil era.
and those dolphin parts had a huge load of pcbs, dioxins and heavy metals.
and i think it doesn't really matter that my work is considered humorous, in a way; i think it's a way in for me to deal with the importance of imagery and how we read all our information through imagery.
also, there's been this recent distrust of big brands, global big brands, in a bunch of different industries, and that's created an opening.
for the hollywood people in the audience, this even explains why action movies have larger budgets than comedies it's because action movies translate easier into other languages and other cultures, so the market for those movies is larger.
are you more than your genes?
then you've wasted 200 billion dollars in unnecessary tests.
now i'm going to review a study that i did, which was jazz in an fmri scanner.
this is a clip from a game called grand theft auto 3.
here's an example of one such text.
i collect stories; that's what i do.
somehow, 13 billion years ago there was a big bang, and you've heard a little bit about, you know, the origin of the universe.
the first sculptural model i made for that thing in tokyo.
it used to be, two, three hundred years ago, that a lawn was a symbol of prestige, and so it was only the very rich that could keep these green actually, deserts they're totally sterile.
it's about carving out a space for trees.
they cannot make savings easy.
coulomb, in france, found the same law for electric charges.
it says that aging is subject to control by the genes, and specifically by hormones.
it turns out people think when they win the lottery their lives are going to be amazing.
this is what the u.n. gave these guys for six months -- 12 plastic tarps.
americans themselves are discovering that unlimited choice seems more attractive in theory than in practice.
maybe, in fact, emotions have a collective existence, not just an individual existence.
can we do it in another way? of course we can. let's go back to the first conductor we've seen carlos kleiber, his name. next video, please.
as essential as it is across our traditions, as real as so many of us know it to be in particular lives, the word compassion is hollowed out in our culture, and it is suspect in my field of journalism.
and that's before we got going on the m-health world.
it's, like -- seriously, though -- i try to create meaningful environments for people to express themselves.
that's a 50 percent deflation rate.
httpwww.ted.comtalksmagnuslarssonturningdunesintoarchitecture.html
and so we're making a better picture of what a dinosaur looks like.
so now we have standardized materials.
ca i mean, there are a few launches you've done where the brand maybe hasn't worked quite as well.
who prefers the whole-meal bread?
it's almost like this thing here, which you can't even see.
students at first wonder whether they can actually do it, but later they have so much fun. i rarely see anyone who is miserable doing a play.
so my final plank is, tell your story.
now, i would attempt to square a five-digit number -- and i can -- but unfortunately most calculators cannot.
i've been simplifying things for 30 years.
the point about democracy is not instrumental.
for almost all the years of life on earth, there was no intelligent life.
so in this cartoon, the bluish white cell in the upper-left corner does not respond to light because it lacks the light-activated pore.
and i also have a little bit of a sort of smartass subtitle to this.
so let's start off by defining some terms.
now it's still in debt, but chris has managed, through his own sacrifice, to get this film out.
at the same time, there's a person paying 30,000 dollars for a 300-series car, and a person paying 70,000 dollars for a 700 series, and that person paying more than double doesn't want their car to look too much like the bottom-of-the-market car.
and this is where it is; it's sort of evolving.
she's illiterate, so she can't read the french subtitles.
girl holly.
it was a big story. mel gibson did the sequel.
okay, so i just want to take a sentence or two to say something about the encoder and what it's doing, because it's really the key part and it's sort of interesting and kind of cool.
it's a two-layer suit. nasa suits have got 13 layers.
and lastly, and i think perhaps most importantly, we should be creating materials that fit into what i call nature's recycling system.
the talk will be broadly about energy, but oil's a good place to start.
so you get a big squeeze.
we're not ready for what's coming at us.
deep inside any of these particles, there is something else.
the low-ball estimate is 35 million.
now, it's not just a funny headline -- it's innovative. it's an innovative marketing campaign.
we want our kids to realize most heroes are everyday people, and the heroic act is unusual. this is joe darby.
and that in a sense removes us again, like all of our scientific discoveries, or many of them -- it's this continuous dethroning of man -- of how we think we're special because we're alive.
what about global politics?
the situation, to be honest, is very serious.
the fourth explanation is captured in the title of a book called the expanding circle, by the philosopher peter singer, who argues that evolution bequeathed humans with a sense of empathy, an ability to treat other peoples' interests as comparable to one's own. unfortunately, by default we apply it only to a very narrow circle of friends and family.
you have to measure its specific gravity, ok?
this is another case where a theoretical paradigm in biology really worked -- was the germ theory of disease.
but over the past 10 or 20 years, what's happened is that services are being commoditized as well.
and he said one of them is called maluma.
kids don't do it because someone told them to.
we finished ps 234, and had dinner with a small group.
i said, look, please, let me take care of her, ok, because i know her, and believe me, she's like a small atomic weapon, you know, you just want to handle her really gingerly.
but they lose, right?
because the light-activated pore is encoded in dna, we can achieve incredible precision.
in 1949 we saw the emergence of the modern china in a way which surprised the world.
they are talking about things they didn't see.
you want to keep your mouth open, so your eardrums don't burst from the pressures.
if you could do this, what you would find that with each passing day, each passing year, each passing billions of years, ok, the distance between galaxies is getting greater.
that you could know something about yourself.
for some people it's only about what is in the immediate situation, what other people are doing and what you're feeling.
and they provide needed economic support for rural communities.
i went to gates lane elementary school in worcester, massachusetts, and i had wonderful teachers there, most notably in first grade mrs. alisch.
he wants to burn korans, our holy book.
it would be all atoms pulsating in unison, emitting light of one color, one frequency.
it's all lesser-evil terrain in these broken places.
oh, sorry.
take the last financial crisis after the second world war.
in the last 20 years, developmental science has completely overturned that picture.
and my mom came into the room and she said, where are you going to get the coat hangers to sell to the dry cleaners?
and ironically, i think it's probably the single most important thing i possibly could have tattooed onto my body -- partly as a writer, but also just as a human being.
like, we have to design things which are coherent as a single object, but also break down into small rooms and have an identity of both the big scale and the small scale.
cultural evolution is a dangerous child for any species to let loose on its planet.
ca yes. and then of course the theory is still that those talks get rent apart by different countries fighting over their own individual interests.
and here it is it's called the green school.
the difference between thinking and doing.
and these strands of magnetic field inside the superconductor, they come in discrete quantities.
instead, they've become, sadly, uninspiring and uncreative organizations that rely so heavily on market research and polling and focus groups that they end up all saying the same thing, pretty much regurgitating back to us what we already want to hear at the expense of putting forward bold and creative ideas.
one of the problems is coming up with the right target.
all the stuff from jurassic park that you know of -- all those small animals -- they all come from northern continents.
i'll give you one of them.
very simply won.
years after he's had these drugs, i learned that everything he did to manage his excess saliva, including some positive side effects that came from other drugs, were making his constipation worse.
and to begin to answer such questions, my research group -- since over 25 years now -- works on methods to extract dna from remains of neanderthals and extinct animals that are tens of thousands of years old.
it's not that people think that, when they feel the compassion.
my dad actually made me go find someone who would sell me these things at wholesale.
it's a very hard process, but it's a ballet.
please welcome amanda kitts.
so, it's tens of millions of calculations just to design one connection between a piece of structural steel and another piece of structural steel.
now, i'm a physicist, but i'm not the right kind of physicist. in regard to global warming, i'm just a layman. and the rational thing for a layman to do is to take seriously the prevailing scientific theory. and according to that theory, it's already too late to avoid a disaster.
then we looked at the question of the affordability.
think, this is somebody who is incredibly vulnerable and in need of love.
in 2003, the final version was published, and they keep working on it.
the result is that other people become more valuable alive than dead, and violence declines for selfish reasons. as wright put it, among the many reasons that i think that we should not bomb the japanese is that they built my mini-van.
i'll stand up too, and -- they have to say that.
but after the riot, it's too much difference.
and we continued.
i know folks said to me they believe it was one of the greatest errors in the history of the united states.
and europe, which is right now in the middle of the day, is going really strong with a whole wide variety of languages.
there are many great models.
and then from about 500 years ago, humans began to link up globally through shipping, through trains, through telegraph, through the internet, until now we seem to form a single global brain of almost seven billion individuals.
in this strange moment where, like, these things kind of appeared.
they go out and point a telescope at the sky, take a picture, identify what are stars and throw them away, look at the galaxies, estimate how far away they are, and plot them up.
at the phi phi hill resort, i was tucked into the corner furthest away from the television, but i strained to listen for information.
so we are natural-born dualists.
all right, now these are the wha -- i'd say, mumble, mumble -- mumble, mumble, mumble, mumble, mumble -- ahh
so what we need to know to even address this mystery is, number one, how are minds are put together in the brain, and, number two, how selves are constructed.
on the ground and around the world people are still curious, and trying to figure out what is going on. but they don't know.
it just takes a while. you've got to go through these phases and stuff, and if you're interrupted, you don't sleep well.
but instead, we stick a camera in the deep ocean, and we see a fish, and it doesn't capture our imagination as a society.
how many of you in the last years have ever found yourself worrying about the middle east and wondering what anyone could do?
in the guardian tower of new york, converted to a w union square -- i'm sorry i'm rushing -- where we had to bring in the best horticulturists in the world to make sure that the interior of this dragged the garden space of the court garden of the union square into the building itself.
predicated on plumb level, square and centered.
and i now find that bedtime stories used to be a box on my to-do list, something that i dreaded, because it was so slow and i had to get through it quickly.
i don't see that. i see the face of the world.
and the other question, who changed their mind?
i could rotate it by a third of a turn, or a half a turn, or put it back down on its image, or two thirds of a turn.
they're not around anymore. well actually, they are.
when you see grumpy customer service, point that out to them.
and i plucked the hair off the fly's head.
it's designed by i. m. pei, one of the premier modernist architects.
a brevity, brevity of everything with this child.
and that's where the deepest happiness has actually come from.
it just was another version of the same thing happening.
in 1455, nobody could read.
and that's what supports the object and keeps it stable.
so we're going to check that out by having the chimps actually play a game by touching two touch screens.
and all of a sudden i passed the national examination, found myself in a very beautiful high school in kenya.
and so when i discovered that you had posted my surprise proposal to my girlfriend at the very bottom, i was beside myself.
they don't really do well together.
they look really good, very nice movement, and also they appear to have some kind of behavior where they kind of circle around each other and follow each other, similar to what we've seen before -- but again, working with just primordial conditions, no pure chemicals.
do you actually want it online?
and we know, and especially carolyn knows, that when the sun will implode, the earth will burn, explode, i don't know what, and this is scheduled for four, four billion years?
rather than sit with ugandan -- -- rather than sit with ugandan entrepreneurs, ghanaian businessmen, south african enterprising leaders, our governments find it more productive to talk to the imf and the world bank.
if i was afraid, i went to more dangerous places.
and so while planning is important, so is flexibility.
today's math curriculum is teaching students to expect -- and excel at -- paint-by-numbers classwork, robbing kids of a skill more important than solving problems formulating them. at tedxnyed, dan meyer shows classroom-tested math exercises that prompt students to stop and think.
neuroscientist daniel wolpert starts from a surprising premise the brain evolved, not to think or feel, but to control movement. in this entertaining, data-rich talk he gives us a glimpse into how the brain creates the grace and agility of human motion.
here's the apple marketing video.
i think my heartbeat might be the morse code for inappropriate.
so now the universe is chemically more complex.
china plans to be there in just 20 years.
because the risk, the high probability of climate change is real.
they're both peer-to-peer car-sharing services, because the two things that really work for car-sharing is, one, the car has to be available, and two, it's within one or two blocks of where you stand.
thousands of people started writing about this.
maybe our universe is just one of those things that happens from time to time.
i've got just a couple examples. physically, a really cool, elegant, thinking coming along lately.
some 70-year-old who wanted his new hip so he could be back golfing, or gardening.
empowering them will change everything -- more than technology and design and entertainment.
we need to work with the people in these communities, and give them the resources and the tools that they need to solve their own problems. that's the best way to do it.
and i believe, personally, that we're on the verge and that, with the presence and help of people like you here, we can bring about the prophecy of isaiah.
and we lost one high-heeled shoe when one of our engineers, heather knight, left her high-heeled shoe -- after a nice dinner, and returned back to the build -- and left it in a pile of stuff.
one of the things i did not stress in that introduction was that, systematically, the pace of life decreases as you get bigger.
well, i don't rightly know, mr. teszler. i reckon that would be kings mountain.
now, this is starting to happen in transistors.
and certainly, no, it doesn't look a thing like my office.
you have to figure out exactly what genes matter.
if you had based your prediction, your forecast on 1900 to 1929 you'd have predicted something like this.
the design genius of charles + ray eames
instead of, neither of us can trust each other, so we have to make suboptimal moves, it's, you prove to me that you are trustworthy and i will cooperate.
the argument has always been made, and it will always be made, that we know enough about the universe.
and that kind of gave me the inspiration -- or rather to be precise, it gave my wife the inspiration.
and as you pass by it's always part -- you see it as all of these pieces accrue and become part of an overall neighborhood.
some of it is about walking. it's not all perfect yet.
a study of 24 intersections has found crashes drop 40 percent from when you convert a traffic light into a roundabout.
now let me show you a little bit about how this machine works.
then i tried typing words on my laptop and using its built in voice.
and they were not used to that in communist 2.0 vietnam.
broken, fallen over on this rock in the middle of march in 2000, typical irish weather on a wednesday -- gray, snot, tears everywhere, ridiculously self-pitying.
this is the first night showing natasha her new cousins and uncles and aunts.
and what we want to do as neuroscientists in this time is to actually listen to these symphonies, these brain symphonies, and try to extract from them the messages they carry.
here's something where we're sort of integrating a bunch of different capabilities here.
there you go.
also, there's numerous pathways that can be engineered metabolizing methane.
the scientists i was with were not studying the effect of the oil and dispersants on the big stuff -- the birds, the turtles, the dolphins, the glamorous stuff.
these are four very different ways of looking at the world. i even gave them names.
in doing this, i believe we can truly bring technology to the masses.
and if we are interested, for example, in the fact that anti-gravity is pulling galaxies away from the earth, why should we not be interested in what is going on inside of human beings?
so, steven is sharing this story, but he is not alone.
the tiniest, softest, softest sound to something that is so broad, so huge, so incredible there's always something -- it may sound good up there, may not be so good there.
in fact, understanding why cooking works requires knowing the science of cooking -- some of the chemistry, some of the physics and so forth.
so people were asking a question. they were saying, is china drinking our milkshake?
and they were looking at the netflix queues, and they noticed something kind of funny that a lot of us probably have noticed, which is there are some movies that just sort of zip right up and out to our houses.
i know what it is to suffer, and i feel that if there is a crime, a person should be tried fairly and punished.
this is used in conventional games as well.
in the brooklyn neighborhood that i lived in, park slope, there are a lot of writers -- it's like a very high per capita ratio of writers to normal people.
imagine if every one of these buses in lagos was part of the mesh network.
i meet people all the time who have those, and they're not necessarily happy.
httpwww.ted.comtalksmajoracarter3storiesoflocalecoactivism.html
biopolymers, these new ideas for materials, will come into play in probably a decade.
so this photograph was taken last month by ryan with an iphone.
yes, it's going to continue.
health,microbiology,science
so when we meet in my philosophy class in his prison and i say, in this class, we will discuss the foundations of ethics, tony interrupts me.
and the 30 project is really focused on these long-term ideas for food system change.
child um, yeah.
it was a million prayers.
but about three months after the launch of the condom company, i had a letter, a complaint, and i sat down and wrote a long letter back to this lady apologizing profusely.
sanghamitra didn't start life as a leader of an ngo, she started her career as university professor, teaching english literature.
standard chartered has brought in 140 million.
just as today, the enthusiasts of unrestrained capitalism say it's rooted in human nature, only now it's individualism, inquisitiveness, and so on.
and when i talk about it i usually pick business because they make the best pictures that you can put in your presentation, and because it's the easiest sort of way to keep score.
this innovation is at the heart of the transformation of american agriculture, and the rise of chicago to a global market, agricultural market, superpower from where it was, a small regional town.
a gentleman spoke yesterday about the indignity of us having to leave the continent so that we can fulfill our potential.
sayyid qutb is one of the founding fathers of fanatical islam, one of the ideologues that inspired osama bin laden.
there are many diseases which effect movement.
i too was fascinated by this new and disruptive cell technology, and this inspired a shift in my mindset, from transplanting whole organs to transplanting cells.
he was a nasa space scientist.
i joined telco, made tata trucks, pretty close to pune.
you send a command down, it causes muscles to contract.
it is the network; and in my case, the network has been important in media, because i get to connect to people.
95 percent of the glaciers in the world are retreating or shrinking, and that's because the precipitation patterns and the temperature patterns are changing.
but there are also glimmers of hope, and i think anytime we're doing a big, big story on this, we don't really want to go and just look at all the problems.
these vibrios, these bacteria, can actually infect people.
zf so what i did was i took those voicemails, and with their permission, converted them to mp3s and distributed them to sound editors who created short sounds using just those voicemails.
we had 911.
and the reason is, you see, that we were brought up in a pre-digital culture, those of us over 25.
this narrative promises so much freedom, happiness, success.
the collapse in biodiversity, climate change, pandemics, financial crises these will be the currency that we will think about.
and astrolabes return us to this subtle sense of how things all fit together, and also how we connect to the world.
so, we can provide the lowest-cost means of going wireless coast-to-coast, we can have resilient nationwide communication systems, we have a new tool for creating efficiencies in all sectors.
on one of my first trips to india, i met this young woman, sevitha, who had just given birth to a tiny premature baby, rani.
one of them is winning the lottery. this is about 314 million dollars.
they'd never made one from previously-recorded materials.
it's what gives purpose and meaning to our lives.
so the better news is the future's almost here -- and the future is tissue engineering.
same deal. you we're timing for norms.
we recognize them in relation to corporations.
so we're getting the dynamics out of the body as well.
all it was doing was breaking my arrows because the shark skin is just so strong.
and the patients started drifting in.
you can do and use the skills that you have.
you can do buttons; you can do sliders, pop-up menus, sub-menus.
here's just a few samples.
this is a partnership between mit and a group of companies -- google is involved, red hat -- and amd is a key player.
i had known that she had had a stroke, and that was some 10 years before.
and what i want to make sure of is, if we actually focus on problems, that we focus on the right ones.
ca now, you use the virgin brand a lot and it seems like you're getting synergy from one thing to the other.
they kept asking me, what is the purpose of your project?
and then the handsome young men disappeared.
i was in shanghai recently, and i listened to what's happening in china, and it's pretty sure that they will catch up, just as japan did.
and it resonated for me. i grew up as a poor kid in the south bronx ghetto, a sicilian family -- everyone lived in the past and present.
now, we can speculate and philosophize this, but we don't actually have to for the next hundred years.
and of course, the confrontation of the cool, the unemotional with emotion, is a conversation that i think cities themselves have fostered.
many people were inspired by this.
so i'm not going to talk about that.
to what extent can we ascribe personality to god?
when the imf was created in the 1940s, it was created with resources that were five percent or so of the world's gdp.
his name was nikola, nikola tesla.
kinsey thought it was bunk, so he got to work.
you just want the person to be alive
you take this dna and you put it into a neuron.
and so i'm thinking, right, great, it's going to keep going down.
i call these creatures sunflowers.
and i referenced that at the end of my last talk.
yup, yup, i think i probably am.
i'm going to have a pretty simple idea that i'm just going to tell you over and over until i get you to believe it, and that is all of us are makers.
so we're really entering the era of wearable robotics actually.
khota's now become a bad word. it means their terrace -- and we used to sleep out at night.
we will never get to grade them, never get to grade people as they should.
in our culture, it is better to be a tester who supports someone else's idea than it is to be just the idea guy.
as the sun comes up, you see in the blue, they start their dive.
maybe i'm wrong.
and then he analyzed the data.
it will take all of you.
that's something i think is very, very important.
to be a hero, you have to learn to be a deviant, because you're always going against the conformity of the group.
and that a more likely toll is somewhere in the neighborhood of 80 to 100 million people before we had commercial air travel.
best of all, when it gets to the customer, it's not trash.
they allow us to go where we want to when we want to.
i completely trained to get my breath hold time up for what i needed to do.
laurie garret what factors determine the duration of a pandemic, we don't really know.
the last 50 years have seen a revolution in what it means to be a family.
some came from the winning party.
i hope to become a vet when i grow up so that i can take care of stray cats and dogs who wander around the streets of the village that i live near gilgit, northern pakistan.
i mean i'm nervous enough as it is.
and the chinese said to me, dr. barnett, you're absolutely right.
so here's where the decisions come in.
but i'm not just doing this to be cute.
but if we do take account of it, then i think it will go much more smoothly.
c.k. williams' poetry of youth and age
you're all being intelligent right now, but you're not doing anything.
i went out and i worked at a non-profit, i went to grad school, i phone-banked, i protested, i volunteered, and none of it seemed to matter.
who decides that soho should have this personality and that the latin quarter should have this personality?
so we get quantum locking. and let me show you how this works.
and we do a lot of work here.
more hopeful are people we call system-changers.
one only chooses bitterness when the alternative is even bitterer.
this is a photograph from when i visited prudhoe bay in alaska in 2002 to watch the minerals management service testing their ability to burn oil spills in ice.
so there were 66,000 of these.
or is it more likely that a reader of skeptic did this with photoshop?
now, is this possible? people would ask how much would that cost?
he was a middle-class guy.
so, now we know what a schwarzschild radius is.
there is a film. you're seeing a film which has nothing to do with you, or that's how people think about it.
but i knew i felt bad about what was happening.
it's only three pounds, or 12 if you install microsoft office.
i wasn't happy with my job, because i was a designer, but i wasn't being really stimulated.
i told you three things last year.
local communities need to be more involved in establishing the criteria for recruiting participants in clinical trials, as well as the incentives for participation.
richard saul wurman i remember hearing him talk at penn.
it's really quite an honor to be here tonight, and i'm really glad that i stayed here and listened because i've really been inspired.
it's an irish jig, and i want you to hear his humor.
and that's packed in there as well.
but basically, the reason why i make toys like this is because i think if there's one difference i could possibly make in the world, that i would choose to make, it's that i would like to somehow give people just a little bit better calibration on long-term thinking.
we might just have to accept the fact that we're error prone and try to design things around it.
now, there are many details left to explore in this scheme -- political, practical, ethical, financial.
and these are subjective values, and what you can see is, our two rules are preserved.
and i think the only way to avoid it is to have some horrible visible disease, and then you don't have to explain.
50s, 60s, the mode of operation shifts more to the quest for wisdom and a search for legacy.
people no longer feel free to act on their best judgment.
dan gilbert on our mistaken expectations
the incremental advances have added up to something which is not incremental anymore.
and they can send the poison into the system.
so, if you're in the audience today, or maybe you're watching this talk in some other time or place, you are a participant in the digital rights ecosystem.
there's many of these different kinds of hurdles besides technology challenges that we need to address before this becomes a reality.
and since then, i've been painting all over the place.
here's another step-by-step procedure, only in this case -- nn okay, this movie is ... everybody's heard of sound-sync movies -- this is text-sync movies, so as the movie plays, the text gets highlighted.
but we also spent many hours in the basements of the united nations, trying to work with governments to make them understand what was going on so far away from land that few of us had ever even imagined that these creatures existed.
i'm going to do an international biennial; i need artists from all around the world.
and those scalloped edges play with flow in such a way that is reduces drag by 32 percent.
so the whole world was drying out.
but there's so much potential.
and they're a different color because they're a different composition.
so you can click on things and remove it.
three things that actually help to build on this foundation the very first one is honoring of tradition and being open to new ideas.
i don't know where to start, where to finish it.
today i'm going to talk to you about the problem of other minds.
and providing data free of charge on the internet, for the world to use. thank you very much.
but, if not, there is now high-definition surround sound.
but surround the brewing of that coffee with the ambiance of a starbucks, with the authentic cedar that goes inside of there, and now, because of that authentic experience, you can charge two, three, four, five dollars for a cup of coffee.
and by the use of pitching powerpoints to vcs, i have personally raised tens of millions of dollars from vcs through powerpoint pitches.
so it knows, or at least there is computer-readable information in the medium itself. it's just not a static movie frame.
and this change is getting more rapid.
in 1981, i went to northern ireland.
i think that failure can be an incredibly motivating force as well, so i moved to kenya and worked in uganda, and i met a group of rwandan women, who asked me, in 1986, to move to kigali to help them start the first microfinance institution there.
cumulatively, i will have rowed over 8,000 miles, taken over three million oar strokes and spent more than 312 days alone on the ocean on a 23 foot rowboat.
in this hilariously lively performance, actress sarah jones channels an opinionated elderly jewish woman, a fast-talking dominican college student and more, giving ted2009 just a sample of her spectacular character range.
it was the iphone. the iphone came out that day.
is it the case that there was kind of a few apples who are capable of doing these things, or are we talking a more endemic situation, that many people are actually capable of behaving this way?
and they have to be in all possibilities, including those i never considered before.
i would spend hours looking at just the connections, saying, oh, the little kid up at the top has red hair; so does that first generation up there.
that's a 12-foot-long giant sixgill shark.
so, i've been writing it down for 15 years now.
half the coral reefs are still in pretty good shape, a jeweled belt around the middle of the planet.
and these are the references from our ethnic contribution.
africa,activism,business,development,economics,global issues,politics,poverty
there's no malevolence, they're just pressing a button.
it's imperative to me, when i look around the world, that we need to change ourselves.
and i say to you, your job is to attach the candle to the wall so the wax doesn't drip onto the table. now what would you do?
generation 10 and it'll take a few steps more -- still not quite there.
here we go. and those are just the beginning.
in this case, supposedly, these messages are hidden in electronic phenomena.
i'm going to use my website to put up some things that will give the basic picture.
live music doesn't really change that much.
because, after all, in that framework, between page one and 300, you have to answer this question of why things happen, how things happen, in what order they happen. what are the influences?
and sure enough, nanotyrannus has juvenile bone and the bigger one has more mature bone.
narrator suspense, fun and intrigue.
and then the broader ideas of city-making start having direct influences on architecture, on the elements that make up the broader scheme, the buildings themselves, and start guiding us.
and it doesn't just apply to computation.
this is a great white shark that ate some of my traps.
let's now take that additional increase in noise that we saw comes from shipping.
but that's when you should be favoring evolution towards mildness.
but there exists out there a very large population of people who will tell you that they have psychic, magical powers that they can predict the future, that they can make contact with the deceased.
the first words of whole earth discipline are, we are as gods, and have to get good at it.
even at that rate, by 2100 average gdp per capita in the world will be 200,000.
so, one needs a very deep appreciation of the diversity and incredible scale of life on this planet as the first step in preparing to make contact with life elsewhere in the cosmos.
together, may we journey well.
historic philadelphia city hall its plaza, i felt, needed a material for sculpture that was lighter than netting.
nuclear is and has been for 40 years.
don't read them bedtime stories every night.
think about the thousands and thousands of people who died trying to find the northwest passage.
but it's very clear, looking at these syllabuses, that -- it's used now as a way of saying that all forms of appreciation of art that were in place for centuries, or millennia, in the 20th century were discarded.
see that gap there? there's a gap, and it affects all the other stories.
the blowfish is like the incredible hulk.
in the u.s. only one percent of the people are actually farmers.
it takes place in real time and you can't control what you're going to say.
and in that sense, the abraham path is a game-changer.
and i said, not just married. let's invite everyone who's helped us, all the people who bought our work.
move them inland and on very stable ground and build the reformers.
and there's shoes and bicycles and things on this chart because i don't want to just throw numbers in a vacuum.
but they're also very high pressure, so they're dangerous.
now, what we want to do with our software is allow our surgeons to have a tool.
i believe this is the beginning of true environmental responsibility.
and one of the great experts in this field, of course, was, bless him, cardinal wolsey. be very careful what you get into people's heads because it's virtually impossible to shift it afterwards, right?
mark roth studies suspended animation the art of shutting down life processes and then starting them up again. it's wild stuff, but it's not science fiction. induced by careful use of an otherwise toxic gas, suspended animation can potentially help trauma and heart attack victims survive long enough to be treated.
women are getting college degrees at a faster rate than men.
he said what scientists do when a paradigm fails is, guess what -- they carry on as if nothing had happened.
india was not always like this level.
what i remember today from this is that objects tell stories, so storytelling has been a really strong influence in my work.
so the temperature has been, sort of, inching up.
and if i've got a good predictor, it predicts the same thing.
now, my brother and i had never heard anything like that in our whole lives. it was so beautiful.
maybe he ate something bad for lunch, and then things get really horrible, as his skin rips apart, and he sees a virus coming out from his insides.
it's all about the individuals.
this woman will expose herself to toxic phosphorous, release four pounds of toxic lead into her childrens' environment, which is from copper.
be proud that you have them.
so, if you are a fan of the game of thrones, you definitely know how important a big wall is for an old kingdom.
my family was wealthy, and my father believed in one thing, and that was to give us all as much education as we wanted.
and these are the data.
and he said, i'm her uncle, she's fine, you can leave now.
just 10 minutes, undisturbed?
it varies a bit province to province.
for example, communality applies most naturally within family or friends, but it can be used to try to transfer the mentality of sharing to groups that ordinarily would not be disposed to exercise it.
mm it starts playing immediately.
the problem is that current prosthetics don't work very well. they're still very limited in the vision that they can provide.
my friend chris, who i just showed you a picture of, had been battling mental illness for some time.
and after umpteen surgeries and, you can imagine, really unspeakable tragedy, he just said, that's it. i'm done. that's enough.
it makes about 80 million bucks a month in subscriptions.
you know, she was very chic, but she was very filled with ennui, you know.
this compressed curriculum is bad for all active kids.
on the bottom tier we have basic needs -- shelter, clothing, food, water, mating and so forth.
it's not sustainable, and it will not happen around one superpower.
now, half of the students in each of these conditions are asked to make predictions about how much they're going to come to like the picture that they keep and the picture they leave behind.
no. it should be go go gadget
and people who are teachers out here, whoever taught, you know this -- it's the interconnections between ideas that teaching is really all about.
did the images change the world?
this is really embarrassing.
they cannot feed their offspring, their children, their breast milk because of the accumulation of these toxins in their food chain, in their part of the world's ocean pyramid.
and i said, thank you for being here.
now, we may have the political will to do this in the u.s., but i've got to tell you, we've got only one atmosphere, and so somehow we're going to have to find the political will to do this all around the world. the wild card in this deck is china.
so, i'm off in my new direction with this to explore rhythm and space.
it's an amazing experience.
it was in her brain, in her lungs, in her liver.
these short dna sequences are what are going to fold the long strand into this shape that we want to make. so you send an e-mail with these sequences in it to a company, and what it does -- the company pronounces them on a dna synthesizer.
the coldest growing seasons of the future, hotter than the hottest of the past.
they have to be able to act along with their fellow actors in the production.
this is what we want out of our senses.
then monarchy had seen off its big challenger, mass democracy, which was seen as a well-intentioned but doomed experiment, just as capitalism has seen off socialism.
now to put this into a broader context, i want you to imagine that you are an eternal alien watching the earth from outer space, and your favorite show on intergalactic satellite television is the earth channel, and your favorite show is the human show.
because the small hadron collider once was the big thing.
life happened very quickly, and that bodes well for the potential of life elsewhere in the cosmos.
and you know, the oddest part is, when i was on my way traveling here to ted, i'll be honest, i was petrified.
you know, we hire firms to design these things.
is that ganymede andromeda burba?
not only about responding to natural disasters, but involved in systemic issues.
if one looks carefully, on the congo river is one of those bright lights. and that's the very congo river generating light -- the old heart of darkness now generating light with hydro-electric power.
and one of the problems with this is that people are actually -- when you research this field -- people are notoriously unreliable, when they actually kind of self-report on where they have their own good ideas, or their history of their best ideas.
autocratic -- do what i say because i'm the chef.
well, this is what deep time does to a building.
so we've been looking at the idea of competition as a way of cooperating in order to get fit together.
if we cannot use stem cells from your body then we'd like to use donor stem cells.
62 percent of our population is below the age of 24.
i can show this to you later.
that is, for men, 29 percent in the country over 60 have type ii diabetes, and women, although it's less, it's terribly high.
and, in a way, it was buckminster fuller who coined that phrase.
but i guess somebody will find a use for them someday.
wars are expensive. but then we'd pay it off, pay it off, pay it off, and then, oh, what's this? the civil war. even more expensive.
i was really concerned about having to wear this gadget on my face.
is it nuclear capacity? we know we have that.
trouble in the valley, and trouble by the river too.
are you going to swim the atlantic?
one on the extreme right is a photograph of an american footballer.
and the kids soon learn that all projects go awry -- and become at ease with the idea that every step in a project is a step closer to sweet success, or gleeful calamity.
it's illuminating the space.
in this book, smith argued that we are moral creatures, not because of a top-down reason, but for a bottom-up reason.
and my wish, when i see those women, i meet those farmers, and i think about all the people across this continent who are working hard every day, is that they have that sense of opportunity and possibility, and that they also can believe and get access to services, so that their children, too, can live those lives of great purpose.
now when we go on to stage three this is the one that hits closest to home for many of us.
an old lady, crying, was carried out of her house and up the road by her son.
i was lucky enough to be completely ignored, which is a fabulous thing, actually, i want to tell you.
and i can basically look everywhere i want, see every movie i've always wanted to see.
and i was part of this team -- this thinking, learning team whose job it was to design and implement new software that created value in the world.
and she points out the passenger window, and i look out, and three -- three -- aisles down, look, the chevy.
so, what is the message sent before somebody actually gets into the material?
1248
we have to get to a power plant.
how many people gave of their time and their expertise, and their patience, to deal with me?
and what it tells you is that if you begin to take account of other species, take account of the soil, that even with nothing more than this perspectival idea -- because there is no technology involved here except for those fences, which are so cheap they could be all over africa in no time -- that we can take the food we need from the earth and actually heal the earth in the process.
some people say there are not oil plumes.
we have art students getting together, taking old radiator parts and doing an iron-pour to make something new out of it.
306
and this is the first device that we did, and i'm going to talk about my second wish, which has something to do with this.
next is maynard sipes.
and this is no longer fantasy.
he said, when i leave office, i'm going to spend my time writing a book on why jesus christ rose again, and why it's so important to believe that.
complete transparency.
so, this is the short story of that research.
the top head does account for most of the biomass, in some places up to 85 percent, like kingman reef, which is now protected.
there was a big competition for the design of this bridge, and the winning proposal was submitted by an unusual team -- in the ted spirit, actually -- of an architect -- perhaps the greatest architect in the united kingdom, lord norman foster -- working with an artist, a sculptor, sir anthony caro, and an engineering firm, ove arup.
or they burn the plastics to get to the metals in burn houses like you see here.
that's the difference.
as the world's attention focuses on the perils of oil exploration, we present richard sears' talk from early february 2010. sears, an expert in developing new energy resources, talks about our inevitable and necessary move away from oil. toward ... what?
i think about eating a lot, and i really love it.
or you can live in a world where actually intangible value constitutes a greater part of overall value, that actually intangible value, in many ways is a very, very fine substitute for using up labor or limited resources in the creation of things.
it's not interesting because it's so common.
and we should be proud of where our power is coming from, rather than something we are necessarily ashamed of.
he seeked forgiveness, and he claims to endeavor to improve the lives of his child-soldiers.
prosecutors were perfectly trained.
if it becomes clear to them that they cannot recover any money, they become less interested in pursuing the case.
everyone was very excited about this archaeological find, because it meant that they might finally be able to assemble a single dodo skeleton.
thank you. thank you.
tbl can you say now?
which actually helps you run the whole timers, and it lets you figure out what's going on.
and as a special treat, he took me to the pathology lab and took a real human brain out of the jar and placed it in my hands.
manias can be alarming.
put that another way -- of all of them who test positive -- so here they are, the individuals involved -- less than one in 100 actually have the disease.
britain will starve without genetically modified crops.
and i want to say that the head of our aids effort, and the person who also is primarily active in the wish i'll make tonight, ira magaziner, is here with me and i want to thank him for everything he's done.
and clean water, education, medicine and even looking at social entrepreneurship.
it's clear that we have a responsibility to help lift them out of poverty.
they'll watch tv. they'll do this other thing.
and if you get a chance, you can go to our website, and you'll see the incredible work these kids do.
this is a shipping container. built and works.
why do so many people reach success and then fail?
for people to experience who you are.
here we have it running at high-speed mode.
it didn't matter who did the choosing, if the task was dictated by another, their performance suffered.
women in the audience, i have some pretty bad news that you already know, and that's that every aspect of your life has been medicalized.
last year here at ted i asked you to give me your data, to put your data on the web, on the basis that if people put data onto the web -- government data, scientific data, community data, whatever it is -- it will be used by other people to do wonderful things, in ways that they never could have imagined.
and yet, repeatedly, you consistently see people doing trials still against placebo.
now, the shortcut.
here are two examples of this principle.
finally, as a scientist and as a person and now, as part of the ted community, i feel that i have better tools to go out to trees, to go out to forests, to go out to nature, to make new discoveries about nature -- and about humans' place in nature wherever we are and whomever you are.
so, when i die, my wife's risk of death can double, for instance, in the first year.
hopefully this technology will let us have more of these survivors in the future.
she said, you know, we have a long road to go to finally get democracy in my country.
no dice no dodo skeleton for me. but the damage had been done.
so these are a pair of gloves, and it has vibrating elements on the knuckle part so you can convey instructions about how to steer -- the direction and the intensity.
and their hand got contaminated with the outside of the mask, and then they rubbed their nose. bingo they got sars.
everybody's trying to get the panels perfect, and i always try to get them sloppy and fuzzy.
unlike sir thomas, you seem not to know it.
but what if the situation we face is not a single threat but is actually more like this, where there's just so much stuff coming in, it's just, start shooting, come on, everybody, we've got to just work together, just start shooting.
but ultimately all this is going to do is just shift development elsewhere.
now as we pull away from this world -- we're going to keep pulling away from the star now.
according to that story, early humans developed the conceit that, by using their language to work together, they could build a tower that would take them all the way to heaven.
i thought i'd start with telling you or showing you the people who started jet propulsion lab.
people like -- it's roughly the population in this room has just died.
and this applies for everything. even in sales.
day three, she gets a massively big pox on her shoulder.
so i did something else. i figured out 100 billion clicks per day, 55 trillion links is almost the same as the number of synapses in your brain.
we see this in medicine.
unacceptable. nepriemliv.
three, pressing unresolved environmental concerns.
because this is where we are.
this is a young lady, not watching a football game, not watching a basketball game.
now what i want to suggest to you is that the reason for hope in this case is that we are on the edge of a real transformation in the muslim world.
but after clay, we shifted that focus, and suddenly, now moving forward, we see ourselves as a veteran service organization that's using disaster response.
once they threaten your advertisers, market forces are actually, you know, destroyed, and the advertisers do not want to come -- no matter how much does it make sense for them -- do not want to come and advertise.
his facial disfigurement did not affect him because he had the support of a family; he had a successful, fulfilling job.
and there is george bush sitting there going, heh heh heh heh ...
you want it?
they're starting to find new mathematical structures in these calculations.
there's a straight line, and there is an infinite number of lines that go through the point and never meet the original line.
and two things happened in kosovo, which kind of, again, shows the randomness of life, because these things turned out to be two of the pivots of my life and helped to deliver me to the next stage.
but for molecular programming, our question is, how many molecules do we need to put in that seed to get a cell phone?
and this is not a rhetorical question.
we'll fix it.
and so what i'm showing you here, this is actually data from a pilot in the los altos school district, where they took two fifth grade classes and two seventh grade classes and completely gutted their old math curriculum.
equations were derived, graphs were produced, and the net result is that we find that the bubble bursts faster and faster with each passing year.
it was my head that was bald -- and comfortable now without a hat.
anybody can create their feedback loop by asking these simple questions can i have my results?
we are policing the world, and how are we doing that?
this is the 1950s.
and they were no songs, no i want moment, no happy village, no love story.
bric country means brazil, russia, india and china.
we can beat extreme poverty, starvation, aids.
i've interviewed more than a thousand people in the past.
he was looking for a turkish woman in the book because i happened to be one.
so game theory is a branch of, originally, applied mathematics, used mostly in economics and political science, a little bit in biology, that gives us a mathematical taxonomy of social life and it predicts what people are likely to do and believe others will do in cases where everyone's actions affect everyone else.
in addition to these biomimetic applications of spider silks, personally, i find studying spider silks just fascinating in and of itself.
they also legislate on correct usage, such as the proper term for what the french call email, which ought to be courriel.
once you get the formula right you can replicate it.
not very long ago, not many thousands of years ago, we actually lived in caves, and i don't think we've lost that coding system.
the extreme might be in italy where, again, there's kind of some type of control over what's happening in the environment is very evident, even in the way that they sell and distribute periodicals.
now all of this has been tremendous for the world.
but it's a kind of structure, and the singer within this structure has total freedom to be creative, spontaneous.
in a nutshell that's what happened?
he gave lectures to caltech undergrads that became the feynman lectures on physics.
and so there are still a lot of people who are not convinced that you have to stop bribing.
and plant.
as the frequencies increase, so do the complexities of the patterns that appear on the plate.
these were typically not solitary efforts. but no matter what, if you were a lawyer or a banker, people dropped what they were doing, no matter what skill set they had, to go pan for gold.
basically, she's a deejay.
so some steps that we can take -- to finish up -- how to make this revolution through play.
so in that respect, to me, i'm not against the corporation.
and if you were able to print out everybody in your cell phone, the room would be very crowded.
except maybe french people.
simple awareness is where it begins.
she doesn't even have a tablecloth.
africa,animals,technology,war
completely opposite.
he's back to his normal life.
one of the ones i just wanted to mention the ishoe is another example of a sensor that improves proprioception among the elderly to prevent falling.
and to cut a long story short, here's where i came to.
dana but i can't help.
it stretches about 500 miles, of course it's india here.
this particular printer we're designing now is actually one where we print right on the patient.
if you look forward, i mean future humans, far before the end of this millennium, in a few hundred years, they are going to look back at this moment.
even, i think, we copy our way to reproduce, you know what i mean, and something of -- oh no, forget it.
i was privileged to have that kind of good start.
especially if you're hungry and your kids are hungry and your neighbor's kids are hungry and your whole neighborhood is hungry, you're pretty angry.
and so next time your neighbor sees you they'll say, how is that tadpole doing?
i have the sound coming this way.
this is the first time in the entire history of humanity that we've connected in this way.
and they're like, yeah, it's pretty straightforward.
or they mention cube roots or ask me to recite a long number or long text.
but what is really cool is that we take our visual environment as inevitable. and it's not.
but, this is a touchy subject, and i work for the discovery channel, and we want to portray accurately whatever it is we do, and we certainly want to do it with a lot of respect for the animals.
and of course, neither of these things happened.
10 seconds passed and it was gone.
i have a studio in london that has a particular approach to designing buildings.
but here, we improvise these items, like the gunshots.
and she does drawings, right?
for my virtual worlds are perfect.
okay, they lay their eggs where the seasonal rains are, the monsoon rains.
this is a geep, a goat-sheep hybrid.
the good news there's a lot that can be done.
so, now i want to move to sleep.
if education can be likened to watering a garden, which is a fair metaphor, sadly, much of the water is evaporating before it reaches the flowers, especially for some groups, for example, those with hearing impairment.
i want to devote my talk today to the act of speaking itself, and how the act of speaking or not speaking is tied so indelibly to one's identity as to force the birth of a new person when it is taken away.
ca we are going live now to caracas.
507
the motor in your brain begins to crank, and you want this person.
it's a mystery
or if we look in other parts of the electromagnetic spectrum, we see that there's a lot of gas in this cluster, as well.
adventists also tend to hang out with other adventists.
and the notion was that i could make an organization not built on normal coherencies, but built on non-sequiturs, built on randomness.
ok, great, we smell vibrations. how? all right?
because basically, he doesn't service them.
her uterus would be torn.
i was born and raised here in india, and i learned from an early age to be deeply suspicious of the aunties and uncles who would bend down, pat us on the head and then say to my parents with no problem at all, poor things. you only have three daughters.
and when the experts in the u.n.
so here's a dinosaur that has spikes sticking out of its head, no dome and gnarly stuff on its nose.
and the guy just told me, there's no way. this grandmother won't even -- you know, there's no way she's ever going to let you meet this girl that's she's raising.
when you're looking around, what do you consider?
and he says he doesn't want to interrupt his colleagues because, he says, they're too busy on their email.
here, i will do the most difficult thing.
this is the last cycle, and you can see it's pretty much figured out what its self looks like. and once it has a self-model, it can use that to derive a pattern of locomotion.
and it just reminds me of the thought of what happens when one of us on a taxi like this falls off, has an accident and needs a hospital.
out of 100, 90 are your creation.
jane goodall helps humans and animals live together
and the point of this, if you didn't catch that, is that tiles are a kind of molecular program and they can output patterns.
who was here or has otherwise seen hans rosling's talk?
i think inside at some point, we put our heads down on the pillow and we go, there's got to be more to life than this.
and they had to make a decision.
you're familiar with these cells because they are the ones that frustrate you when you try to swat the fly.
there are no quick processes in economics except decline.
the first thing, the china map missed taiwan.
and that really has to do to many different challenges.
they could sell these things for anything between 5,000 a kilo.
the state of israel is setup, and 50 years later, in the late 60s, it's clear that britain's role as the imperial power is over.
but i'd like to wrap things up now by alluding to something from earlier in the presentation.
so how does this transition idea work?
they have the second-largest vehicle fleet on the road.
as i'm studying magic, juggling is mentioned repeatedly as a great way to acquire dexterity and coordination.
but yeah, what's the matter with arkansas?
that turned out to be sars.
now, to say this is not to say that we have got the perfect solution in our own society.
ab 722 is 500 -- ooh, that's a harder one.
our most important institutions, our schools and our workplaces, they are designed mostly for extroverts and for extroverts' need for lots of stimulation.
i've done most of this work at johns hopkins university, but also at the national institute of health where i was previously.
the big brain integrates signals, which come from the running programs of the lower brain, but subsumption means that the higher brain can interfere with the lower.
i love these eighty-year-old, ninety-year-old guys and women.
so these are data from scotland.
this is a life in which you have as much positive emotion as you possibly can, and the skills to amplify it.
so what can we do about it?
so i had a very short deadline for a competition.
in the original story, god told sarah she could do something impossible and she laughed, because the first sarah, she didn't know what to do with impossible.
and we've rendered something illegible, and we've lost the sense of what's actually happening in this world that we've made.
brain,creativity,design,presentation,technology,visualizations
and just as i was having that thought, he looked up at me and said, so that when i grow up, i can show this to my kids?
and i just told the little girl, whose name was hyun-sook lee, that if i ever did anything to embarrass her -- she didn't speak a word of english, although she looked very american -- she could just put up her hand and say, stop, and i would stop taking pictures.
we're going to move the car according to that over and over again.
text in another 30 minutes they would reach the theory of relativity. and then?
everything in this world exists in africa. and you can't discuss universal access to hiv medicine for that quintile up here with the same strategy as down here. the improvement of the world must be highly contextualized, and it's not relevant to have it on regional level. we must be much more detailed.
text ... any person with a below the knee limb could do this.
this past january, i traveled to a place called wais divide, about 600 miles from the south pole.
and she said business was even more important for women because earning an income earned respect and money was power for women.
does anybody know when the stethoscope was invented?
we will never again have a political class that was forged by the experience of fighting together in world war ii against a common enemy.
why use triangles?
that -- that is the message of this form of architecture.
and we ran.
this is going to change science, i believe, and it will change religion.
and they assemble, and they form these kinds of mechanisms.
ss so kanzi is very interested in fire.
activism,bottom-up,community,global issues,philanthropy,potential
i was asked that i speak a little bit about where i personally come from, and cameron, i don't know how you managed to get out of that one, but i think that building bridges is important to me because of where i come from.
how do you not get overwhelmed by the despair and the misery of it all?
the problem that i want to talk with you about is really the problem of how does one supply healthcare in a world in which cost is everything?
why is water important? water is important because if you want life you have to have water.
although, to be sure, the reputation system, at the moment, works that you leave your report after the couch surfing experience, so there may be some selection bias there.
it turns out half of those kids, or about 1.8 million newborns around the world, would make it if you could just keep them warm for the first three days, maybe the first week.
now, this doesn't have a brain, it doesn't have a neural system. this is just a sack of chemicals that is able to have this interesting and complex lifelike behavior.
she found herself listening to a consultant one day who was trying to help teachers boost the test scores of the kids, so that the school would reach the elite category in percentage of kids passing big tests.
this was the notion of whether the patients felt that they actually would go ahead and brush and floss their teeth.
and in fact, there's a thriving market in the partially eaten food of beloved people.
it's almost as though it's performing a virtual reality simulation of the other person's action.
so, we do something a little bit more serious.
and that's a perfect example of one.
and once you get this process going, you can actually recycle your previous fermented liquid.
because of that, we still have the old mindset of developing in industrialized countries, which is wrong.
michael pritchard okay.
and i said, how do i know about stalinism?
firstly, the human brain -- i don't need to say anything about that.
and now we can go to the library.
without a name, an unseen face, and knowing not your time or place, tomorrow's child, though yet unborn, i met you first last tuesday morn.
i've been trying to pinpoint what keeps drawing me back to the gulf of mexico, because i'm canadian, and i can draw no ancestral ties.
people -- people talk loudly -- i'm so sorry.
you can try to treat people and create awareness.
that is a meeting of a stage three tribe.
i like to describe it as the magic trick moves.
number one teaching surgery and doing surgery is really hard.
httpwww.ted.comtalksstephenhawkingasksbigquestionsabouttheuniverse.html
and the parallels between the events of 539 bc and 2003 and in between are startling.
but i started to realize that i could actually identify animals by the type of flashes they produced.
and we put an inexpensive, wireless data reader inside the receptacle so they could communicate.
and that's what it was in the early days.
you know, there's a story in the bible about moses.
okay? i'm a lawyer; i don't believe in feelings.
hardly anybody listened to him in his day.
the excitement from using multi-tracking, the way i did in the piece you will hear next, comes from the attempt to build and create a whole universe with many diverse layers, all generated from a single source.
so is that wrong?
in tourism, in many african countries, a great opportunity.
the reason we can be so well off, even though there is so many people on earth, is because of the power of ideas.
httpwww.ted.comtalksallisonhuntgetsanewhip.html
you can accidentally hit reply all to an email and torpedo a relationship.
so what you're seeing here is actually cotton hulls from texas, in this case.
i knew nothing about wofford and even less about methodism, but i was reassured on the first day that i taught at wofford college to find, among the auditors in my classroom, a 90-year-old hungarian, surrounded by a bevy of middle-aged european women who seemed to function as an entourage of rhinemaidens.
sometimes i'm asked who was the best player i had, or the best teams.
you know, sunday morning, you flick the paper, get your cappuccino.
this work has been done with an extraordinary group of people, and they've done all the work, and i'm the great bullshitter that tries to bring it all together.
and then this back down on the ground and you can see that the fungus is actually invading this tree.
why i am not getting any?
let me show you the living mobile phone.
i hasten to say that these surfaces are completely artificial.
every software company is doing microsoft's rd.
because what newspapers do is they repeat again and again rare risks.
my doctors at the mayo clinic urged me not to take this trip out here to this -- to be here.
in india there is a rape every three minutes.
texting, email, posting, all of these things let us present the self as we want to be.
i was like, yes?
and he knew very intuitively, that best practices, developed in japan and china and europe and america will not work in india.
but there's a more fundamental reason that it's not intrinsically upbeat, because a non-zero-sum game, all it tells you for sure is that the fortunes will be correlated for better or worse.
we almost don't feel ourselves.
but, it's a beginning, it's a vision.
lower the mask, dear dentist, lower the mask.
he served 13 years of a life sentence in waco, texas.
12th man if i was to go back to iraq and speak to the people, i'd have to bow down and kiss their feet.
you wouldn't want decent hearing, you would want perfect hearing.
but actually, i mean, this feeling of helplessness comes in because most americans actually feel that oil prices are the result of a conspiracy, not of the vicissitudes of the world oil market.
in turbulent times, isn't it cheaper, and smarter, to make friends out of potential enemies than to defend yourself against them later?
but they are incredibly good fliers. this particular species, it can fly for thousands of kilometers.
today's event you might call how mountains teach.
it's going towards india, not from india.
the artist m.c. escher exploited that in some of his wonderful prints.
and everybody disappeared from the street.
just as you're walking down imitating arabic -- strawberry
so, it's empathizing the other person being touched.
so the monkeys get really good at this.
it's a scientific question after all.
what they did was they hooked up harvard undergraduates to an electric shock machine.
but they answered and they said, why, thank you for your email. what an interesting story.
they've grown used to their face; they think they're special.
we've got books, buffets and radio waves, wedding brides and rollercoaster rides.
his friend replied, well, obviously because it just looks as though the sun is going round the earth.
so what i did is i opened up a hotline -- a hotline where people could leave voicemails of their pain, not necessarily related to that event.
the earliest members of our lineage, the genus homo, were darkly pigmented.
now, in canada, we have that great healthcare system.
a lot of complexity, a lot is happening just in this 30-year period that includes the obesity epidemic.
and so, i don't know if you've ever had this, but when i close my eyes sometimes and try to sleep, i can't stop thinking about my own eyes.
we gotta kill them because they're making a mess.
you're clear. all right. firing.
he said he heard suspicious laughter.
or do we want to help real poor people, right now, in bangladesh, who really need the help, and whom we can help very, very cheaply?
and i guess we were sharing -- we had that regular life of the only independent media in the country, operating in hostile environment, where government really wants to make your life miserable.
and there are nine other winners who get prizes.
i don't think he understood that i wasn't asking for funding.
but now, a few months on, however good politicians are at swallowing frogs without pulling a face, as someone once put it, they can't hide their uncertainty.
on a macro level, four billion people on earth make less than four dollars a day.
this is my grandmother, and this is where i get this mouth.
so what's going on here? what's happening?
it's obvious that this leads to marital bliss because, women, we care a great deal about being thin and good looking, whereas men mostly care about sex ...
the live duck mounted the dead duck, and started to copulate.
and if you look at the figures up there, it says that we have a third more mouths to feed, but we need an agricultural production increase of 70 percent.
the oak foundation and national geographic have been big funders of this as well.
he came up with our name and logo. we're mission motors.
zoom in and that square thing is a theater -- which we're in right now -- the terrace theater. it didn't have a name on it.
and i also have to build their faith.
indeed there is.
we're interested in big displays, bright displays.
not the last. yes, that's difficult to find a card here.
but i'm not actually here to talk about what we can do.
and there's an urgency to this.
you want your employees to do what you ask them to do, and if they've done that, then they can do extra.
and then it gets worse when i call to retrieve my messages, first of all you have 87 messages.
they don't really notice the new medium that is wrapping them up.
i hunched my shoulder, i got my backpack and i went on to the university of wisconsin.
so it's been several years since i got my own tattoo.
and on top of all off these rules, they keep changing.
no, don't -- why are we here today?
basically, this bottle travels a long way.
so what do we find? what do we find in the gang? well, let me say one thing.
and this one was a big lesson because i was praying, giving these prayers of thanksgiving, which was odd for an agnostic.
and then i went through this whole thing about, if you weren't going to get off this island, if nine days from now you were going to die, who would you call, what would you say, what would you do? one woman -- well, that night is when 911 happened -- one woman had come to the seminar and when she came there, her previous boyfriend had been kidnapped and murdered.
there's certainly a common theme about needing to make the moment out of this.
how do you create a day voted by every single head of state in the world to create the first ever ceasefire nonviolence day, the 21st of september?
the factor most responsible for that fire is breast density.
it's not always true, but in general, there's not a good history of theory in biology.
and one young ranger in the back -- his hair's tousled and his face is red and windblown from being in combat in the cold afghan wind -- he said, sir, i was in the sixth grade.
it's about customizing to your circumstances and personalizing education to the people you're actually teaching.
but gradually, as the buildings are repaired, we will see the accretion of a limestone reef beneath the city.
and light is part of the electromagnetic spectrum.
10-day history of fevers, night sweats, bloody sputum -- she's coughing up blood -- muscle pain.
there was no language to translate this ancient, idiosyncratic handcraft into something machine operators could produce.
solitude is where you find yourself so that you can reach out to other people and form real attachments.
we will have the ear of congress.
yet, everyone knows what is a chinese restaurant.
pm because in her lifetime -- ma that would be so.
the essence of what he said was this the people most affected by the devastation and loss of life do not want intellectual theories about how god let this happen.
the receiver will convert these little, subtle changes in the amplitude that we create there into an electrical signal.
but there were two men one man was blind, one man had no legs -- he was born like that.
look at this lady, ram timari devi, on a grain bin. in champaran, we had a shodh yatra and we were walking in the land where gandhiji went to hear about the tragedy, pain of indigo growers.
i had my own personal responses, but i also have a public role, and something needed to be said.
but at the heart of this, is the offshore banking network.
so we can make money?
that's how distant we are from even meeting an air force willing to fly against ours.
we really like the human being story a lot.
but the most important thing we must do is, i think, we must all walk to the end of our lives and turn around, and ask ourselves a most fundamental question.
now, here we have, in case you can't read at the back, the top is rainfall for india.
and then i think, ah this is cool.
it wicks its way up into these little branches.
so i looked at all of his drawings, more than 700, and looked for male portraits.
parents should celebrate.
and they've made a dummy of him. that's exactly what it looked like.
thanks to the internet, we believe we can get anything we want whenever we want it, delivered to our own doorstep.
kevin books ikeduba what i'm scared of is just the explosion will come up in my face.
and you'd think, can four simple laws give rise to that kind of complexity?
so in other words, i believe that president sarkozy of france is right when he talks about a mediterranean union.
benjamin wallace on the price of happiness
if you don't, we're probably going to be putting you into a title 1 special reading program.
through a lot of experimentation, these cylinders eventually evolved into this.
and they get overwhelmed and the just don't join.
392
here is the critical difference between these lolcats is communal value.
so we think that there is something interesting we can do here.
and i got all excited and came back, and they sort of looked at me in dismay and said, an island?
but it wasn't that simple.
if you look at declassified cables, that's the sort of material that's there.
and so this is constructed out of a heat reflected material that serves to mediate the difference in temperature between the human body and the glacial ice.
i'd come out of my suite at the waldorf astoria   be walking up the street, and i would hit around 55th street looking for the immigrant pushcart peddler.
mark pagel this is a very good question.
and so, the year 2000, you see there.
when you're typing on your blackberry, android, iphone, don't bother switching layouts to the punctuation layout to hit the period and then a space and then try to capitalize the next letter.
thank you. shukran.
well babies will fake a cry, pause, wait to see who's coming and then go right back to crying.
so, the centerline of this thing -- we'd preserve it, and it would start to work with the scale of the new buildings by pelli and kohn pederson fox, etc., that are underway.
and then i was amazed at what role technology played in your recovery.
i was the only woman who would be doing the long jump.
i do it because it's a curious thing in the culture, when things are made in such great quantities, absorbed in such great quantities, and there's so much denial about them.
sean carroll distant time and the hint of a multiverse
and the cams i got cut at hewlett packard.
how do we know this?
these stories saturated my cells and nerves, and to be honest, i stopped sleeping for three years.
really scholastic, if you ask me.
for instance, i stumbled across this advertisement outside the women's washroom in the kansas city airport.
i asked them all.
at first blush you think, hey it's crazy, what could you possibly gain?
and finally, my son playing in a walking toy by himself.
at the end of that you're completely fried, your brain.
so my goal soon was to discover new places that nobody had jumped before.
1602
when she was 10 years old in 1927, she published her first book of poems called the janitor's boy.
joshua prince-ramus building a theater that remakes itself
the hyena is probably the most perfectly designed scavenging animal in the world.
now imagine i added a choice to the set that nobody wanted.
and that gap is very intimidating.
are we foolish to be optimistic about the possibility of a world where, instead of religion being the great rallying cry of divide and war, that there could be bridging?
we have some preliminary evidence from bargaining that early warning signs in the brain might be used to predict whether there will be a bad disagreement that costs money, and chimps are better competitors than humans, as judged by game theory.
now, we know that new tools are changing our sense of self in the world -- these tiny sensors that gather data in nature, the ubiquitous computing that allows that data to be understood and used, and of course the social networks that allow people to collaborate and contribute.
it's actually an ice moon.
food rotted in the heat.
and part of the joy of it is, you know the difficulty.
but it's the thermal death point -- all life ceases there.
you can call it suburban sprawl.
for the past 30 years i've been closely watching the earth and its dwellers from high up in the sky.
show me a generation of kids raised like that, and we'll end the problems i think that we see today.
and for those who are ready to get married and buy their apartment, they figured out they have to work for 30 to 40 years to afford their first apartment.
i can give you 30 examples, right now -- bob combs, the pig farmer in las vegas who collects the uneaten scraps of food from the casinos and feeds them them to his swine.
what are you doing for america's kids?
or even in the swiss office of google, which perhaps has the most wacky ideas of all.
the strong force, the strong nuclear force, which sticks nuclei together, gets weaker. and what you see is the standard model -- you can calculate how these change -- is the forces, the three forces, other than gravity, almost seem to come together at one point.
and i think that's much better, that kind of control would be much better as a drug.
and one oyster can filter up to 50 gallons of water a day.
and what i'm interested in is not the styling of that, but the relationship of that as it enhances that activity.
and there are a couple of mythic narratives of social dilemmas.
they're just examples.
ma well i think one of the things -- i'm chairman of the board of an organization called the national democratic institute that works to support women candidates.
when what was a tranquil sea swallows up people, homes and long-tail boats -- mercilessly, without warning -- and no one can tell you anything reliable about whether another one is coming, i'm not sure you'd want to calm down either.
but what we can see is, by month six, the tumor has responded and it's begun to melt away.
once somebody has taught for three years their teaching quality does not change thereafter.
but i was a little disappointed -- pretty young -- but i went back again a few years later and this time was in california, and i went to berkeley.
fat-derived stem cells are adult stem cells.
they sent a search party, and i overheard people saying they wish i had killed myself, jumped off bible peak.
i traveled across the united states photographing men and women who had been wrongfully convicted of crimes they did not commit, violent crimes.
dean ornish says your genes are not your fate
because someone at the milk board, right -- and don't get me wrong, i support milk -- but someone at the milk board probably paid a lot of money for some geezer to work out that if you put loads of flavorings and colorings and sugar in milk, right, more kids will drink it. yeah.
typically, it's a doctor giving a job to a nurse.
now in 1957, ghana was the first sub-saharan country to gain its independence.
we've run a phase two trial in switzerland on, again, recurrent patients -- patients who have received standard therapy and whose cancer has come back.
i was both an automobile illustrator and an advertising automobile copywriter, so i have a lot of revenge to take on the subject.
i came back after two months and the children trooped in and said, we've understood nothing.
compassion is rarely a solution, but it is always a sign of a deeper reality, of deeper human possibilities.
the amazing thing i've found is nothing can change on a big scale without the determination of a leader.
these are things we never could have imagined a few years ago.
this is something no self-respecting photographer would ever do -- you put some cheesy illustration on your shot, right? -- and yet you have to do it sometimes to narrate these points.
wool sticks on velcro.
and choose to make these choices with the question, how will this affect the environment around me?
it'll be more realer if she reads it.
most of my childhood was spent playing with legos.
and she answered, a penis.
in the 1980s we had the reagan revolution, which lead to deregulation.
they begin to do degrading activities, like having them simulate sodomy.
so how do organizations think?
so we measured nine other molecules that interact with oxytocin, but they didn't have any effect.
and then, as he was a staunch anti-colonialist, he made false papers for algerians during the algerian war.
so that's because the camera needs time to calculate the focus and the exposure, but if you pre-focus with a half-press, leave your finger down, no shutter lag
i've got a behind-the-scenes story for you about that green tech network i described.
its designed like an escher print.
there is interaction of galaxies. we know this.
in fact, the whole reason we use it is because it has semantic-specificity.
it enabled us to actually eat all kinds of things.
in fact, i bought the gold-plated special edition and it comes with a little slip of paper that says, don't use this juicer to make juice.
and then we do the opec stimulus package also known as 200 dollars a barrel.
a talk about surgical robots is also a talk about surgery.
if you don't get this pacemaker, you will be dead.
this is a visualization of the political spectrum, an attempt for me to try and understand how it works and how the ideas percolate down from government into society and culture, into families, into individuals, into their beliefs and back around again in a cycle.
this is, again, for a magazine, dividing pages.
so imagine we make a little cell.
because the world is big.
that's 500,000 more words. so that's a lot.
whenever you hear this, i will be there.
many years ago, when i was born in the '50s -- '50s and '60s didn't belong to girls in india.
and yet tragically, when you now go to those northern communities, you find to your astonishment that whereas the sea ice used to come in in september and stay till july, in a place like kanak in northern greenland, it literally comes in now in november and stays until march.
because it is in this context that we see a battle over how easy or hard it will be for the industrial information economy to simply go on as it goes, or for the new model of production to begin to develop alongside that industrial model, and change the way we begin to see the world and report what it is that we see.
excuse that expression.
and i call this process agenticity.
here you see that the balconies actually have to move out of the way in order to bring a thrust into the space.
i'd like to begin this song i wrote about ceaseless yearning and never-ending want with a poem of popular petrarchan paradoxes by sir thomas wyatt the elder i find no peace, and all my war is done; i fear and hope, i burn and freeze like ice; i fly above the wind, and yet i cannot arise; and naught i have, and all the world i seize upon.
so she is just one amongst the millions who are blind.
171
who should get the best ones?
because if you already know the answer to your trial, you shouldn't be doing one.
and each time we have some ice in the future, we have to know that life will be great, and the success will be brilliant if we dare to overcome our fear of the ice, to go through the obstacle, to go through the problem, in order to see what there is on the other side.
it's got 96 sensors, 36 onboard computers, 100,000 lines of behavioral autonomy code, packs more than 10 kilos of tnt in electrical onboard equivalent.
it's just pure mechanics, allowing you to cycle air through this breathing loop.
so it turns out, if you use this technique, actually your estimates of prevalence are very close to what we get from testing random samples in the population, but they're very, very different than what unaids tells us the prevalences are.
and he said, oh, i teach at a college of arts.
if two friends have a reciprocal transaction, like selling a car, it's well known that this can be a source of tension or awkwardness.
also one thing that kept me pushing this story, this painful stories out, the dreams i have, sometimes, is like the voices of the dead, that i have seen would tell me, don't give up. keep on going.
same sort of drill. so one, two, three, go.
and i'm grateful for the opportunity to share this voyage with you today.
so that's where we started three years ago, way out on the left, and that's where we were a few months ago, the last time we went into columbia.
now on paper, she passed my smoking ears test.
would you like mugabe gone?
httpwww.ted.comtalksjohnhodgmansbriefdigression.html
so let me show you some examples of what these minimum snap trajectories look like.
so, the laws of physics have this special property.
the red dots are going to be cases of the flu, and the yellow dots are going to be friends of the people with the flu.
now you do.
and my brother and i were raised with all that you really need love, strong values and a belief that with a good education and a whole lot of hard work, that there was nothing that we could not do.
again, i will go through them as fast as possible.
and this isn't someplace exotic like one of the bioluminescent bays in puerto rico, this was actually shot in san diego harbor.
so i spent three months in kenya, uganda and tanzania interviewing entrepreneurs that had received 100 dollars to start or grow a business.
so it's cool.
18 years ago, i saw a photograph in the paper.
that's the first time in india, and i can tell you, that's the last time you're hearing about it.
they are lucky. they already have a job.
in fact, if you watch ants at all, you end up trying to help them because they never seem to be doing anything exactly the way that you think that they ought to be doing it.
i propose we look to nature.
they don't have a way to determine which way to answer this question; perhaps none of us do.
and a coordination cost is essentially all of the financial or institutional difficulties in arranging group output.
that makes me bow down to any woman in front of me to give full respect. that five days i'll never forget -- the messy days, the lousy days, that wetness.
another source would be fisheries bycatch.
you can transmit power, but the bandwidth is in those tiny, little threads smaller than the hair on your head in diameter.
it was short-lived.
the very poor have no choice. it's up to us to change things so that the poor have choice as well.
hollywood gathers around power tables, and the valley gathers around power tables.
it has different functions.
and we can see that the united states goes to the right of the mainstream.
because it's about surveillance.
what values do we most uphold?
and they say, well, streets don't have names.
but we are learning more and more about the human brain.
so i wanted to create a fictional character or an animal that dwells in these underground spaces, and the simplest way to do it, at the time, was to model myself.
the first one is that these little 18 month-old babies have already discovered this really profound fact about human nature, that we don't always want the same thing.
three days later, i got a nice, long, handwritten letter from my friend and partner and colleague bill clinton saying, congratulations on the new restaurant, al
i bet a lot of you have seen it and never noticed it.
he quickened his pace, almost to a jog now.
but the people doing that at the world bank are among the best in the world.
these are young sunflowers, and what they are doing cannot be described with any other terms than playing.
i have talked about it a million times, but it's unbelievable.
it was a saturday morning.
i'd like to start with a couple of quick examples.
sometimes i think the fates must grin as we denounce them and insist the only reason we can't win, is the fates themselves that miss.
these girls are also working in big construction companies like ram-ki construction, as masons, full-time masons.
so you know what, when we talk about needing 8 billion more, it's not a lot.
take an idea, draw a stick figure.
if they don't have any damage, they go to the grocery.
india was trying down here.
so, this is just in construction, and there's a tensegrity structure.
he has a wonderful story of talking to a villager in india and saying, have you taken your dapsone? yes.
while i was in easter island, comet mcnaught was there also, so you get a gratuitous picture of a moai with a comet.
people are dancing, shouting and drinking.
the area was kind of seedy, so we got an 80-room hotel for 100,000 dollars.
i had tears rolling down my cheeks.
you know that all of the cool people are -- they're doing it.
i can feel proud. i can stand here in front of you tonight and say i was courageous.
gratitude visit. i want you all to do this with me now, if you would.
these are sailors who in the darkness, in the hull of the vessel, can distinguish as many as 32 different sea swells moving through the canoe at any one point in time, distinguishing local wave disturbances from the great currents that pulsate across the ocean, that can be followed with the same ease that a terrestrial explorer would follow a river to the sea.
we've returned more than four billion gallons of water to degraded ecosystems.
this is the flag of monaco. ladies and gentlemen, the flag of indonesia. please examine.
anatomists were arguing very much about that.
what goals is this ant trying to achieve by climbing this blade of grass?
i had some very interesting conversations, as you can imagine.
and so she thought, well, what the heck.
so you have the companies also realizing that sick staff don't work, and dead customers don't buy.
because what it pays attention to is what it's seeing and interacting with, and what you're understanding what it's doing.
this is like one of the great things we ever discovered, fire.
now, all this changes when a predator enters the scene.
james nachtwey's searing photos of war
they got little babies in there, floating in there.
i've got brown eyes; you might have blue or gray.
i mean, it seems like you're still a little bit in the growth phases, you're still doing these incredible new plans.
the things i can tell you about it it's universal; we all have it.
by the way, this is highly accelerated, so it's like a thousand generations a second.
every five years we have an election.
and for a moment i was wondering, are we going to live in order to see real change happening on the ground, a change that does not come through foreign intervention, through the misery of occupation, through nations invading our land and deepening the sense of inferiority sometimes?
httpwww.ted.comtalksseancarrolldistanttimeandthehintofamultiverse.html
i'd like to start tonight by something completely different, asking you to join me by stepping off the land and jumping into the open ocean for a moment.
this is grouper sex, and the groupers aggregate around the full moons of december and january for a week.
ao who is this?
but some species that we killed off totally we could consider bringing back to a world that misses them.
and what we've discovered is, by using a part of the mushroom you've probably never seen -- analogous to its root structure; it's called mycelium -- we can actually grow materials with many of the same properties of conventional synthetics.
the energy crisis was in full bore.
the phantasmagoria, the actual experience that we try to understand and organize through narrative, varies from place to place.
and the instructor was up there in the class explaining to them all the ways in which they had lost their identity in this new age.
what we didn't anticipate was the many, many other uses that would evolve from this very simple system.
he says, nice talk. and i said, thank you, what do you do here?
but much more importantly, the distribution is much wider.
because what we actually count let me start by telling you a little story.
so these guys were absolutely crucial.
i'm so cunning and clever -- i made it quiet and wonderful.
this is joe kittenger himself.
it's also painful.
we use the person's age and their gender to start to fill in the personalized risks.
but when you change those behaviors, your brain gets more blood, you think more clearly, you have more energy, your heart gets more blood in ways ive shown you.
it's practice, it's training, and it's -- it's practice, it's training and experimenting, while pushing through the pain to be the best that i can be.
some lasted 14-and-a-half minutes.
and because our universe is only three spatial dimensions, it can hold fluids.
50th percentile female frame.
and i think the whole thing adds up much better if you do it like this.
there are places where there are no galaxies and there are places where there are thousands of galaxies clumped together, right.
that, to me, is the big question that we face as a people right now how do we change? how do we change as a culture, and how do we each individually take responsibility for the one piece of the solution that we are in charge of, and that is our own behavior?
the fort in san francisco at the time had about 1,300 soldiers.
and it turns out that these are quite remarkable for safety.
george whitesides toward a science of simplicity
anyway -- when our dino-chicken hatches, it will be, obviously, the poster child, or what you might call a poster chick, for technology, entertainment and design.
and he says -- because i also have volunteers riding with me, adults, who are sitting there listening to him -- and he says, and this was just the beginning of our ordeal until we ended up in israel.
so, we've targeted those systems to make the molecules work better.
actually, when i showed up he was lying down with the geese with his cell phone taking pictures of them like his children in the grass.
global warming hoopla became time-consuming and distracted me from doing science -- partly because i had complained that the white house altered my testimony.
they go through two to three weeks of rigorous curriculum-based education, training.
so they actually transform the entire island into a single ecosystem.
and they will stay there.
now, in this state of de-animation, it could not go out dancing, but it was not dead, and it was not harmed.
and to realize that this is just the tip of an iceberg that when you compare everything here to south africa, it just pales, because in south africa, each year 300,000 mothers with hiv give birth to children.
because if they toxify themselves, being the lowest-cost producer, send it to the lowest-cost distribution -- wal-mart -- and then we send them all our money, what we'll discover is that we have what, effectively, when i was a student, was called mutually assured destruction.
in my career i've had two exposures to radiation, which is two too many, because it stays with you for life.
god forbid that it should have to withstand that.
and the english set up cromwell and a whole bunch of republicans or whatever, and not the kind of republicans we had.
and i wouldn't want to go to bangalore. let me stay here.
with every spammer we flag, with every idea we post, comment we share, we're actually signaling how well we collaborate, and whether we can or can't be trusted.
when we think about how we're going to make the world a better place, we think education; that's where we put a lot of money.
in his latest book, harvard professor steven pinker -- and many other thinkers before him -- concludes that one of the main drivers behind less violent societies is the spread of the constitutional state and the introduction on a large scale of the state monopoly on the legitimized use of violence -- legitimized by a democratically elected government, legitimized by checks and balances and an independent judicial system.
and i knew that that was blood shunting, when the blood rushes away from your extremities to provide oxygen to your vital organs.
where there is this much legal smoke, there is likely to be some fire.
and then there was another influence.
and then, here's how the crash test works.
christianity,god,culture,happiness,leadership,philanthropy,religion
and we invited everybody, and no press showed up.
so effectively, we all kind of wind up traveling through life, trapped in this little bubble of feeling very right about everything.
i basically embedded a computer into a wall of a slum in new delhi.
the electromagnetic force interacts with electrically charged matter via particles called photons.
all the managers in the room say, you don't tell me something new, because we know, gut feeling.
but i'd remind you what i'm talking about, i'm talking about military uses of non-lethal weapons.
transposons are just small pieces of dna that randomly insert in the genetic code.
but less than 24 hours, i was 13 miles away from those mosques, visiting one of our acumen investees, an incredible man, jawad aslam, who dares to live a life of immersion.
if every business were pursuing interface plans, would that solve all our problems?
and you don't know who you can talk to, because the truth is, hiv is so stigmatizing that if you partner, your family, anyone in your home, you're likely to be thrown out without any means of support.
we have to get academic institutions to start thinking about ways to teach people how to cook again, because, of course, they don't -- because we've had this processed food in schools and institutions for so long.
it took some diplomacy.
the only places that remain green -- and that's not good news -- is, in fact, places like the gobi desert, like the tundra and like the sahara.
it even got built, but nothing to do with this vision that howard had.
httpwww.ted.comtalksphilborgesonendangeredcultures.html
and this inspired in my mind a shift from transplanting whole organs to perhaps transplanting cells.
but we need to support these unclear, critical and responsible voices in africa, in lebanon, in your local newspaper, in the apple store.
these kids aren't using textbooks, they're not getting one-size-fits-all lectures.
my story is the power of a metaphor.
now there's often no right or wrong here.
and to do that, you have to actually go back to a time before crack cocaine, in the early '80s, and look at it from the perspective of a gang leader.
and you actually did inspire me. i looked at you, i thought, well, he's made it. maybe there is a different way.
and i have the wrist flexion and extension.
but green foods often represent a way for us to disregard the responsibility as eaters.
but we used lots of cheats and shortcuts.
the first problem is there's inadequate disaster response.
so whenever you want to look great and competent, reduce your stress or improve your marriage, or feel as if you just had a whole stack of high-quality chocolate -- without incurring the caloric cost -- or as if you found 25 grand in a pocket of an old jacket you hadn't worn for ages, or whenever you want to tap into a superpower that will help you and everyone around you live a longer, healthier, happier life, smile.
among those who've helped open my eyes to a third way are a devout muslim in afghanistan, a group of harmonizing lesbians in croatia and a taboo breaker in liberia.
he was so happy.
so that's what we were doing.
arts,film
it was a match.
similarly, this is from a hotel in stockholm, the lydmar.
httpwww.ted.comtalksdereksiverskeepyourgoalstoyourself.html
it's similar to being a vocalist, except instead of it coming out of your throat, you're controlling it just in the air and you don't really have a point of reference; you're always relying on your ears and adjusting constantly.
and that's important for many fronts, and one of them is because of that culture that's in agriculture.
and here is something nobody is obliged to be a genius, but everybody is obliged to participate.
and the answer before their first birthdays.
this whole thesis really came home to me when i went to visit a college in kansas city -- working-class college.
and as we start growing the camera will actually start zooming out, and things that you see in the background there will actually start slowly pulling into the foreground, showing you a little bit of what you'll be interacting with as you grow.
we're either going to have an absolutely unmitigated catastrophe of this oil leak in the gulf, or we will make the moment we need out of this, as many people have noted today.
they do it on their own tapes, with their own recording equipment; they distribute it themselves.
in the economic system in traditional africa, the means of production is privately owned.
because it's got all those a's lined up i guess.
john hardy my green school dream
and it was absolutely wonderful.
and now we take the power of data and take every time my son ever heard the word water and the context he saw it in, and we use it to penetrate through the video and find every activity trace that co-occurred with an instance of water.
this is a line where they get the threads and they wind the threads together, pre-going into the textile mills.
so, here you see the cast. these are all of the people in the whale hunt and the two whales that were killed down here.
because in fact, this is child labor. my son and his wife sat in a closet for many years and developed this.
but maintain that thought for the entire duration of the eight seconds.
and we can lose this with the very noble idea to keep people accountable for showing the people that we're not going to tolerate politicians the opportunism in politics.
but in fact, they're growing faster.
and they will start to use as much as the old west are doing already.
well, another issue people bring up is somehow that hand calculating procedures so if you go through lots of examples, you can get the answer, you can understand how the basics of the system work better.
this is headed by drew endy and tom knight and a few other very, very bright individuals.
without provocation, suddenly she attacked, against her prime minister's orders, the next-door neighbor's oil fields.
and if we just taboo it completely we could lose civilization.
one testimony about how i find music is powerful is when i was still a soldier back then.
it's made of clay, and it's been fashioned into a cylinder shape, covered with close writing and then baked dry in the sun.
more people are living there than the land could possibly support.
this first of the two strategies is like a hunter, exploring a forest in search of a particular quarry, who finds other quarries along the way.
we believe there's some water in the polar caps, there are polar caps of north pole and south pole.
i've been working on issues of poverty for more than 20 years, and so it's ironic that the problem that and question that i most grapple with is how you actually define poverty. what does it mean?
it's an artist's rendition, but it flew in a japanese telescope in 1995.
wilkins and this collaborator, or possible collaborator, rosalind franklin, came up and sort of laughed at our model.
i mean, this is a scary slide, not to take an aside, but it looks at obesity in the world.
seismic standards and confined masonry, where the building acts as a whole -- walls and columns and roofs and slabs tied together to support each other -- instead of breaking off into separate members and failing.
old guys are hopeless; we have to wait for them to die off.
no chuckle. they're like this -- where is the outrage, people? rise up
it's to make them turn their back on what they think they like now, and reach out for something higher up the mustard hierarchy.
and it's great, there's good people everywhere.
i wish we had more money, i wish we had more resources.
it's a primitive form of abstraction, and we now know this happens in the fusiform gyrus of the brain, because when that's damaged, these people lose the ability to engage in buba kiki, but they also lose the ability to engage in metaphor.
democracy, by the way, means respecting the wisdom of all people -- and we'll get to that.
and you can see that it looks a lot different.
ritchie yeah, look, it's got a little blue light in it too. i almost lost it this week.
so, for example, most of you are probably familiar with the notion of herd immunity.
how could i share my sense of rome, my understanding of rome?
he knew no other way of making a living and making money.
and second, that language is one of the most profound things that separate us all over the world.
and you can see, there is a physical space that has been created for him, parking that car, along with the owner's car, but more importantly, they've created a space in their mind that yes, my chauffeur is going to come in his own car and park it.
it keeps bothering you a little bit, like being hungry.
but these college girls had a completely different view of their future.
not a caress, but a wave of pain.
saima's not going to produce you a son.
so, in the video world, we've been able to invent, in our lifetimes, natural behavior.
and we were particularly touched by the flowers and we were curious as to how the flowers got there.
the backbone of making investment decisions for global holders of capital.
and you begin to see the alternative centers of power building up -- in china, of course, though my own guess is that china's ascent to greatness is not smooth.
an educational technology and pedagogy that is digital, automatic, fault-tolerant, minimally invasive, connected and self-organized.
no one's found them. we know where they are, and we're going to go and get them next year.
and they live for work, achievement and control.
so these functions were known for these hormones for a long time, but our studies suggested that maybe they had a third function that nobody knew about -- maybe they also affect aging.
we've had productivity go from 30 dollars to 150 dollars per hour of labor in the last 50 years.
so, i will tell you right off of the bat.
so he was offering me the opportunity to do the same.
cisco actually estimates that, within four years, more than 90 percent of the web's data will be video.
the mashup is owned by lucas.
moreover, i think, it can transform society.
so this is little emma.
there is a single candle flickering in the center; by an arrangement of reflective glasses, it reflects into infinity in all directions.
you have to make it from something else.
now that includes the cost of military and the cost of the fuel both.
in fact, in these neighborhoods, they'd be the same people.
if you made that decision in 1965, the down side of that is the next year we have the cultural revolution.
well, with sylvia browne i would think so.
so amanda, would you please tell us how you lost your arm?
country after country is splitting, seceding, succeeding, failing -- and it's all getting very fragmented. and this has not stopped.
and before i was a toy designer, oh, i was a mime, a street mime, actually.
real dependence on this person.
it's now back there. they come out, it's time to come back.
and mohammed ali said, me, we.
it is the place where we gather around when we have to say something to each other.
she was actually sexually assaulted in boot camp and went on to co-organize a group called the service women's action network.
hooked it up to my laptop, and within about five minutes he had penetrated the computer security system of a major brazilian bank.
and the question i ask you is who's fighting it?
now in the dark years that followed, i had to work out what remained for me if everything that made today special was gone.
robert kennedy once said that few of us have the greatness to bend history itself, but each of us can work to change a small portion of events.
but then -- ok, when ted started, there was no web so things like click didn't have the same meaning.
that white portion there is easy to see.
one roman strategy that was very interesting was that -- and it really gave them a comparative advantage -- they made sure their soldiers didn't drink even remotely muddied waters.
probably not one made of brass. he would have one made out of wood, or paper. and the vast majority of this first computer was a portable device that you could keep in the back of your pocket.
thank you so much. i'm going to try to take you on a journey of the underwater acoustic world of whales and dolphins.
in addition to multiple choice and the kinds of short answer questions that you saw in the video, we can also grade math, mathematical expressions as well as mathematical derivations.
we can take the word bye as in good bye.
so, you get this vicious cycle.
we were very reactive, as opposed to being proactive about what happened.
i mean, they were changing lives.
here is the business case for sustainability.
so at one point, my brother-in-law gets up the courage to ask the one question he really wants to know the answer to, and that is how could you have done it?
and we don't have to go overseas to find people willing to do harm, for whatever their reasons.
this is why they did not accept.
so, this is for the best humanoid, and we would like to bring this for the very first time, to the united states next year, so wish us luck.
competent rock is rock that will hold itself up without any shoring.
the measure we've used, because it's easy to understand and you can download it, is how much richer the top 20 percent than the bottom 20 percent in each country.
so, back in the ancient times.
and we owe a tremendous credit to that.
if i had a jar of jellybeans and i asked you all to guess how many jellybeans were in that jar, your average guess would be remarkably good.
it goes 150 miles an hour.
what we've done is we've pushed happiness over the cognitive horizon as a society.
he's one of the best communicators that i've really ever dealt with.
i decided that i'd continue filming and make another movie.
it distributes itself out into these various wells or holes, and turns color, and all done with paper and carpet tape.
this has the advantage of a worldwide network of well-organized associations and journals and things already in place.
and that question is this when we look around the world, as scientists have done for the last hundred years, there appear to be about 20 numbers that really describe our universe.
we did it with 150 combat casualties in six weeks.
i talked with over 200 women. i talked to older women, younger women, married women, lesbians, single women; i talked to corporate professionals, college professors, actors, sex workers; i talked to african-american women, asian-american women, native-american women, caucasian women, jewish women.
because it's very interesting. when you take this model and you perturb it, you give it a push, as it bumps into something, it self-stabilizes, with no brain or no reflexes, just by the structure alone.
we're also starting ancillary health-care technology training programs -- training people in echocardiography, cardiac ultrasound, those kinds of things. now, with that kind of training, it gives people motivation.
the statue is the reference, and it connects the identity of leonardo to those three faces.
for me, the world is veering towards a future we don't much want when we really think about it deep inside.
arunachalam muruganantham how i started a sanitary napkin revolution
that if engineers and scientists really turned their minds to this, it's amazing how we can affect the planet.
so, i was so disturbed by what i saw, and i was so unhappy with the article that ran afterwards, that i decided i would take six months off.
and he used three fundamental principles.
and after second world war, united states is richer than u.k.
why can't an equivalent case be made for nature?
these can be grouped into seven categories.
that's holding your breath as long as you can in one place without moving.
her answer was quite the contrary.
he said, john, i want you to become a good herder.
we have like 40 kids, ex-child soldiers mixed with anybody that we feel like we want to support.
when the actor who was getting up was a carnegie mellon student -- he was actually a carnegie mellon student -- but he was a part of their group, cheating went up.
now it's tempting to want to get the ushahidis without the lolcats, right, to get the serious stuff without the throwaway stuff.
did you know that we americans have about three times the amount of space we did 50 years ago?
in a little over two years, we've written up about 4,000 items -- replicable models, technological tools, emerging ideas -- all providing a path to a future that's more sustainable, more equitable and more desirable.
this is an american foundation that distributes that technology to poor hospitals around that region.
the first is that human beings will go to any lengths necessary to find and connect with each other.
nathan myhrvold cooking as never seen before
i do have a plan, but in order for me to tell you what that plan is, i need to tell you a little story, which kind of sets the stage.
it's incredibly hot.
and my mind was now suspended between two very opposite planes of reality. stimulation coming in through my sensory systems felt like pure pain.
the army will shoot you, and hamas will kidnap you.
and you're pretty rich by the standards of the world at large.
and then the next thing that i needed was a makeover.
impossible to follow the damn thing, where's a directory?
let's hear what jeff han has to say about this newfangled technology.
if all of the electricity you used in your lifetime was nuclear, the amount of waste that would be added up would fit in a coke can.
we'll give them a paper test -- no computers, no talking to each other, etc.
we also believe in straight-talking, telling it as it is, using simple language that people understand, telling people about the downsides as well as the potential upsides, and even telling the bad news that no one wants to utter, like our lack of belief in the sustainability of the icelandic financial sector that already we had months before the collapse hit us.
it is much riskier to give a 50,000 dollar loan than it is to give a 500 dollar loan.
no more are we going to accept this.
and it is this law sets boundaries, and on one side of those boundaries are all the things you can't do or must do -- you can't steal, you've got to pay your taxes -- but those same boundaries are supposed to define and protect a dry ground of freedom.
remix  i'm about to whip somebody's ass   oh, i'm about to whip somebody's ass   oh, if you don't leave me alone,   you gonna have to send me home   cuz i'm about to whip somebody's ass   i'm about to whip some  -- zf great, so it was incredible.
and it was going to be a look at life through the kitchen.
he said, if you really held your breath that long, why'd you come out of the water dry?
larry brilliant should we feel good, or should we feel bad that 50 years of foreknowledge accomplished so little?
if i pull back from that global picture, and i look at the implication over a similar period of time in terms of the technology -- which, as a tool, is a tool for designers, and i cite our own experience as a company, and i just illustrate that by a small selection of projects -- then how do you measure that change of technology?
the light blue is refugee camps these volunteers had spotted from the satellite images.
we can't get this done until we really accept that we can get this done.
now he says also that this is so intense an experience that it feels almost as if he didn't exist.
kismet has an underlying, three-dimensional emotional space, a vector space, of where it is emotionally.
buy it anyway.
they know how to plant organic rice, they know how to look after it, they know how to harvest and they know how to cook it.
but i want to tell you a different story here today.
why didn't they do all these things, and if they didn't do all these things, what kinds of animals were in those spaces?
meanwhile, the values and voices of democracy are silent.
she was a bright old lady, perfectly sane. she had no medical problems.
there's a problem with the google zeitgeist, which is it often comes back with news that a lot of people are searching for britney spears pictures, which is not necessarily news.
it all started back in 2001.
and the box has two knobs.
aging,biotech,genetics,medicine,science,technology
i do not wish to invest the money in senegal due to unfavorable economic climate, and so close to my country.
but, at the time, in the 13th century, it was the gadget of the day.
your choice, when living in a city, if it's now 10 minutes -- because at 30 minutes you want an alternative, whether it's a bus, a train -- we've got to build an infrastructure -- a light rail -- or you're going to keep parking those cars.
that's easier for them to find out than who you are.
it is the basis of our real differentiation, one individual from another.
first of all, the goal.
so, to begin with, we need to understand what a black hole is so we can understand the proof of a black hole.
what that suggests is that, even in the case of hearing loss, the capacity for music remains.
he's like, do you know where morocco even is?
and if you open your eyes again, you wouldn't know that they'd moved.
x-ray diagram, he thought was comparable with the helix.
actually this creature is the result of the penfield research.
well, what does this have to do with language?
i was very moved by what i saw today.
they're all going to consume twice as much as they currently do -- scientists, again, agree -- because income is going to grow in developing countries five times what it is today -- on global average, about 2.9.
we develop more emotional maturity if we play more.
it's a little bit like an obese person having to use most of their energy to move their obesity. ok?
with such a big space, the problem is obviously that there is a discrepancy between what your body can embrace, and what the space, in that sense, is.
because she had to be somewhere else with the other three children for that evening.
now think about it. this is an amazing thing that in this frequency range where whales communicate, the main source globally, on our planet, for the noise comes from human ships, thousands of human ships, distant, far away, just all aggregating.
and we went away from obviously the beige.
it is a life-changer.
but then one morning, i hang the same little sign onto that picture by vincent van gogh.
but growing up at 915, compassion was not a word to be debated; it was a sensibility to how we are together.
and then he says, so that the king -- he was the king of israel at that time at its apex in power -- so that the king may care for the widow and orphan, support depressed, defend the defenseless, care for the sick, assist the poor, speak up for the foreigner, those in prison.
i think the challenge for us is -- i'm very certain that that will happen, the challenge is, will we develop the kind of educational tools and things with the net to let us take advantage of that device?
stem cells are packed in that liposuction fluid.
httpwww.ted.comtalksoliversackswhathallucinationrevealsaboutourminds.html
i wrote this next poem for my mother.
so my parents encouraged me to do it. i left.
and so this, again, a real picture of the ice fountains rising up into space, absolutely beautiful.
compassion, because a billion people are living in societies that have not offered credible hope.
i mean, they want to know what you're up to.
to receive a prize from the university, and three days later, a pilot was flying over the landscape and found this thing.
when i was a kid, i used to think that pork chops and karate chops were the same thing.
so then once you do that you're like, oh, crap. where am i going to put all this?
people were lying on the floor.
so whimsy matters.
people like josh and steve are continuing to layer information upon information, real-time information, tweet it and text it onto these maps for all to use.
i graduated.
and to give you an idea of the last fund that kleiner raised was a 400 million fund, so this for us is a very substantial fund.
so that's where we are today, and that's what i wanted to give you a flavor of.
it's a sense of knowability, that something is knowable.
a hospital in zambia.
again, a sentiment that was so noble and beautifully put 40 years ago, and a beautiful dream 40 years ago, but now with the huge advances in information technology, with the massive changes in behavioral economics, with all that we know about how you advance well-being, that if we combine those insights of giving power to people, and using information to make that possible, and using the insight of going with the grain of human nature, while at the same time, understanding why people behave in the way they do, it is a dream more easy to realize today than it was when it was made in that beautiful speech 40 years ago.
if, for example, i play just a few bars of a piece of music for which i think of myself as a technician -- that is, someone who is basically a percussion player ...
the first version, in the back, that's strider i.
so i'm the living product of two cultures coming together.
and we had very small power plants in it at this time.
but here in africa, you've got these nonlinear scaling fences.
there was an interest in what was going on.
you don't need something more to explain something more.
two-thirds of all students in special ed. remedial programs are guys.
now you can't just blame this on imperialism -- though many people have tried to do so -- for two reasons.
rb well, i think that there's a very thin dividing line between success and failure.
it is the big cats, and it's the plankton.
and initially, it was thought that they died of what's known informally as cot death, and more formally as sudden infant death syndrome.
but it really hasn't been studied very much.
637
now, our inherent wisdom doesn't have to be insider's knowledge.
so let's try to look at it from a different perspective.
there's such a disconnect.
while this is something that comes from our mind, it also has its roots deeply into the cosmos.
charles bonnet said, 250 years ago -- he wondered how, thinking these hallucinations, how, as he put it, the theater of the mind could be generated by the machinery of the brain.
we went back 50 years to the 19591960 television season.
now the largest economic region in the world.
you have these pictures of birds.
this is an image of ann who's had her right jaw removed and the base of her skull removed.
and so it's not an accident that a great flowering of innovation happened as england switched to tea and coffee.
now if these inequalities, climate and war can be avoided, get ready for a world in equity, because this is what seems to be happening.
human societies got larger, denser, more interconnected.
you can take that 10 minutes and move it to any part of the day and have the same benefit.
well, thank you for your attention.
but on the other hand, we have 14 billion of these light bulbs, light.
we can look at some of the data.
and they they start thinking, well gosh, you know, we're noticing small little frequency variations here.
because it just creates more flexibility.
how does an individual spider make so many kinds of silk?
but here is what's really great.
when you look at dna, there's a sequence of not two things -- heads and tails -- but four letters -- as, gs, cs and ts.
and this was yet another famine in ethiopia.
two years ago, after having served four years in the united states marine corps and deployments to both iraq and afghanistan, i found myself in port-au-prince, leading a team of veterans and medical professionals in some of the hardest-hit areas of that city, three days after the earthquake.
and what they were doing to the bears was really appalling.
it is developed in the cultures.
alright. let's leave that.
or a virgin for a sacrifice?
it will realize autonomously that it's being pushed.
here are the 1,100 bottle caps they collected.
and guess what? we won it hands down.
now clearly, kaluza was a man who took theory very seriously.
now, luckily, this thrinaxodon, the size of a robin egg here this is a skull i've discovered just before taking this picture -- there's a pen for scale; it's really tiny -- this is in the lower triassic, after the mass extinction has finished.
it's ok. you start to be in the territory of intelligence, we can say.
i went to aspen recently and stumbled into this song.
 quiet   quiet down, she said   speak into the back of his head   on the edge of the bed, i can see your blood flow   i can see your   cells grow   hold still awhile   don't spill the wine   i can see it all from here   i can see   oh, i   i can see   weather systems   of the world   weather systems   of the world   some things you say   are not for sale   i would hold it where   our free agents of some substance are   scared   hold still a while   don't spill the wine   i can see it all from here   i can see   oh, i   i can see   weather systems of the world   weather systems   of the world  thanks.
she had three kids under the age of 12, and this is her ct scan.
it's new in our history.
steaming piles of humus.
the pilot, i knew, was called troy. i was expecting someone called troy that did this for a living to be a pretty tough kind of guy.
it has lots of different information about what's the process going on in this proteomic conversation on many different scales.
i cannot do that unless i send the signals that i will be open to listen to the other side's signals.
when i'm an old man, i'm going to tell my grandchildren, when i was your age, if i wanted to check my email, i used to drive around town looking for a coffee shop. i did
you can see honey, very good market economist, goes with the guy who gives more.
this is actually quite meaningful to me, because car designers tend to be a little bit low on the totem pole -- we don't do coffee table books with just one lamp inside of it -- and cars are thought so much as a product that it's a little bit difficult to get into the aesthetic side under the same sort of terminology that one would discuss art.
now, i passed all my biology exams in britain.
majora carter greening the ghetto
now you can see some of the reasons why i'm optimistic.
that's why we call it the internet.
each group of four can use one computer and not four computers.
and we were using a special trawling net that we were able to bring these animals up alive.
i'll never forget, i remember vividly to this day, our first son, declan, was nine months old, and i was sitting there on the couch, and i was reading daniel gilbert's wonderful book, stumbling on happiness.
so what we're going to do is we're actually going to set up these meetings ourselves.
and that made so much of a difference in terms of the peace of mind that came with that, we could focus on her recovery.
i feel a bit about it like i did about a very strict math teacher that i once had at school.
and i'll just take you through that a little bit in the next few slides.
there's interplay between them. and, you know, you get amazing things.
there is a real correlationship, a real correlation between a society that tells people that they can do anything and the existence of low self-esteem.
now my diplomats are instructed to talk to all these groups.
well you know, she calls herself black -- she's really more like a caramel color if you look at her.
we do all of this to understand the chemistry of one molecule.
there's 10,000 neurons here.
cybercriminals would go there to buy and sell stolen credit card details, to exchange information about new malware that was out there.
this isn't a design, ok?
okay, seriously, hiv is actually not that easy to transmit sexually.
so they went out and they modeled a computer model of a sand dune.
well, you know where we're going on from here.
these things are way smaller. they're much more adaptable.
ss she can't really stand on these legs. she has to be moving, so ...
if you compare it with what's on the market, price-wise, size-wise, ease of use, complexity ...
buying mesquite charcoal will not actually make that much difference.
when a word was mentioned, an image of it instantly appeared in his mind.
well, it's certainly not this one.
this is not illegal stuff, this is basically business as usual, which causes climate-changing emissions, which have an economic cost.
john mentioned that i've done some work with murderers, and i have.
in fact, policy is paramount.
and so the question is how could we make that back?
so, even from that little clip, you can begin to get the sense that recovery is possible, and we have now provided treatment to over 200 children, and the story repeats itself.
and you know, there's a new version of windows coming out this fall.
and i received an email from an editor at random house with a subject line, nice work exclamation point.
we have access to it all.
oh, the wrath of photoshop.
basically, gerontology is a fine approach in the end, but it is not an approach whose time has come when we're talking about intervention.
so, next time you are really depressed, look in the mirror and you can look and say, hi, i'm looking at a star here.
so that's obvious, right.
it may seem ridiculous, but we have a really lousy history of anticipating things like this and actually being prepared for them.
one solution was to rehearse a machine gun delivery in which every syllable, every second will have its importance and hope to god the audience will be able to follow me.
and i know that we can't all do exchange programs, and i can't force everybody to travel.
the stories that we tell -- what we push out -- becomes who we are.
in so doing, i reached a frontier of biology so strange, so rich, that it seemed as though it exists on another planet.
personal growth,self,storytelling,success
because, by the time you're a social worker for 10 years, what you realize is that connection is why we're here.
you know, hundreds of people came in begging, all my life i've been waiting for this class; i'll do anything to do it.
ca there are a lot of causes out there in the world that have been talked about, you know, poverty, sickness and so on. you spent eight years on this one.
we're developing robots, they call them sociable robots, that are specifically designed to be companions -- to the elderly, to our children, to us.
there is a dip there, from 2001 to 2003 a dip when our sales, over a three-year period, were down 17 percent.
and it has holes in its frill.
you could get something that looked like it or felt like it, but you couldn't get the same object back.
and i'm not going to talk about my experience, because this is not about me.
and now i mainly write books about how the ocean is changing, and the ocean is certainly changing very rapidly.
but this is also basically just a group of friends having an authentic social moment and screwing around together.
you also have to be very professional.
but the problem, generally, of modern society, is that it turns the whole world into a school. everybody is wearing jeans, everybody is the same.
and he pairs these up with paintings.
he called them partons. he called them partons.
we can be more, we can be much more.
and here also people are helping to find missing children.
and they have one of the world's most amazing supply chains, 60,000 suppliers. if wal-mart were a country, it would be the sixth-largest trading partner with china.
and watch again, right there -- successful.
well that would be impossible and, rightly, illegal to do in humans.
i didn't know ebay from that jar of water sitting on that piano, but i had the presence of mind to go back and talk to one of the techie kids at my center.
what's another latent body of information that's out there that people are really not putting to use?
when i was about 24 years old, kate store and myself started an organization to get architects and designers involved in humanitarian work.
and so thinking about the models that we've just discussed, you can see, going forward, that tissue engineering is actually poised to help revolutionize drug screening at every single step of the path disease models making for better drug formulations, massively parallel human tissue models helping to revolutionize lab testing, reduce animal testing and human testing in clinical trials, and individualized therapies that disrupt what we even consider to be a market at all.
video scott adams i realized that at some point i might be the world's expert on what's wrong with cubicles.
and the pinhead i've made green around there by scraping the particles off a green shirt and then pressed onto the needle.
we need a revolution because things aren't working; they're just not working.
what if it is the equivalent, depending on where you are, of the grand canal, in terms of tourists, habitation, desalination, agriculture?
a 75-year-old farmer. she was selling oranges on the side of the road.
if we do -- it's costing us a billion dollars a day for oil.
so for example, lets sort of consider that basket cell i told you about earlier -- the one that's atrophied in schizophrenia and the one that is inhibitory.
lots of people are doing things at the same time.
and as a consequence, today there is just not enough spots for the many more people who want and deserve a high quality education.
they want to say, there i was, i was standing there and i had it all suddenly clear in my head.
whatever it is, it's a mindset that is reminiscent of general motors.
it helped me realize something else during this project, is that recording that one second on a really bad day is extremely difficult.
there's going to be a satellite telescope launched later this year and it will look towards the middle of the galaxy, to see if we can see dark matter particles annihilating and producing gamma rays that could be detected with this.
i think there's a chance to have a dialogue, a conversation about sustainability at worldchanging.com.
we were all suffering.
so marine conservation and coastal protection has become a sink for government or philanthropic money, and this is not sustainable.
what it's really about is taking computer science and looking at big questions in a new light, asking new versions of those big questions and trying to understand how biology can make such amazing things. thank you.
we talk about leapfrog technologies. i write with worldchanging, and the one thing we've been talking about is, i learn more on the ground than i've ever learned here.
and he said, that's ridiculous. you can't make a needle by rubbing a lump of iron with a cloth.
because if we can, maybe we have a chance of actually discovering life somewhere else without being biased by things like amino acids.
are we providing the software?
and this happens several thousand times each year.
they were wrong. the kids' number one wish?
yr and also the currents are quite funny there.
in fact, you can get a phantom with almost any part of the body.
who are you playing?
i came to live it, and i am living it.
the words or phrases that are lit up in red are glossary words, so i can get a different definition by just touching the word, and the definition appears, superimposed over the illustration.
we weren't very creative at the time we started these studies, so we just called it a token.
they have curiosity. curiosity about people in the tribe, curiosity about outsiders. they're asking questions.
somebody once told me it's like walking through life like this.
it turns out even during the cultural revolution, china out-perfomed india in terms of gdp growth by an average of about 2.2 percent every year in terms of per capita gdp.
back to that shell the shell is a self-assembling material.
so clusters of galaxies will tend to form, because of all this gravitational attraction.
i do not believe that meditation and prayer will change this world.
genetics, lifestyle and environment.
the big mountains far away, they move less.
or who does that? and the answer is anybody who wants to pitch in.
in fact, one of his classmates is a young man named lenin who would go on to break small, expensive, exquisite objects.
as a youngster, i was very interested in model airplanes, indoor models, outdoor models, everything, which i just thought was a lot of fun, and wondered why most other people didn't share my same enthusiasm with them.
the rocket's position is shown by the trajectory that we're now looking at.
and this zero hunger program costs .5 percent of gdp and has lifted many millions of people out of hunger and poverty.
a famous quotation can be found -- if you look on the web, you can find it in literally scores of english core syllabuses -- in or about december 1910, human nature changed.
we all understand why we have elections, and we all leave the house on the same day to go and vote.
in fact, more than four million people sustain a concussion every year, and these data are just among kids under 14 who were seen in emergency rooms.
and on the third day, i finally understood, the guy was actually on duty.
well, we know what they're like today.
you may be surprised to know that a child could be saved every 22 seconds if there was breastfeeding in the first six months of life.
while i'm talking i'd like you to also be thinking about how many places have you lived?
but i'm not here from the chamber of commerce.
we need to expand antiretroviral treatment as much as we can.
and say, what would you like to do next?
and india wants to be a knowledge society.
so what happens for adults is we decide that something's relevant or important, we should pay attention to it.
i'm an apprentice, and i work with the people who actually do the jobs in question.
the 10 seconds actually are because we -- i don't know if any of you have ever thought about plugging a t.v. in when you use just a cord.
so, in other words, we add two years -- we treble their remaining lifespan, starting from the point that we started the therapies.
it's used for public health awareness campaigns such as the prevention of cholera.
obviously, we work with exchange actors, and as we're developing the exchange market itself, we're also developing the regulatory infrastructure and legal framework, the overarching legal framework for making this market work.
so ever since then, before i would go anywhere, i would call the fbi.
it seems too daunting, too dangerous, for any company to take on.
and, of course, im dedicating it also to my grandmother, whom i think really played quite a lot of important roles, especially for me when i was an activist, and being harassed by the police.
but then, to finish with a plug for all the good and miraculous bacteria that live on the earth, we've also made pro-quorum sensing molecules.
you don't see a description of how, you know, molecule a, you know, comes up and docks with this other molecule.
i'm trying to protect my face too.
well, throughout the world, if we look at the lights at night, the one thing that's misleading is that, visually, it looks like most of the world is already built out.
move. no. move. no. move. no.
so we are on the verge, 2015, of an amazing achievement, the schoolification of the world.
they wouldn't have me.
which they do.
it was obvious that the shi'ites were a force to be reckoned with, and we would do well to understand them and learn how to deal with them.
so to me, it's an experiment that's waiting to happen, and if it confirms the prediction, then we should have a very powerful tool.
one provide care to children who are currently being deprived of treatment.
every single surface of this restaurant is white.
evolution is speeding up.
but these are essentially externalized stomachs and lungs.
it's just, how do we make that recurrent and scale it?
they were used first by a danish newspaper, which wanted to make a point on islam.
so perhaps we could develop a strategy of change, which requires humility. and in my business as an architect, it's unfortunate the word humility and the word architect have not appeared in the same paragraph since the fountainhead.
but, if we start to understand that cancer isn't just a molecular defect, it's something more, then we'll get to new ways of treating it, as i'll show you.
that was, in fact, economic.
this individual has made the choice and is closing this water diversion, leaving the water in the stream.
it was a way of bringing small amounts of water directly to the stalk of the plant.
because we've got people in all five, around us.
and then saddam hussein's serious mustache is a problem, but you think of him as a mom.
it has taken me, this journey, to islamabad, where i have witnessed and met women with their faces melted off.
this is not a supplementary vitamin for the soul.
we hate losing stuff, even if it doesn't mean a lot of risk.
meaning white fur, ice blue eyes, a pink nose.
we're doing it in mice first, and we will kill a lot of mice in the process of doing this, but they will die for a good cause.
this is why basically you have all this creative mistrust between the representatives and those whom they represent.
there is the brain stem in between the cerebral cortex and the spinal cord.
it is a deep sense of serenity and fulfillment, a state that actually pervades and underlies all emotional states, and all the joys and sorrows that can come one's way.
or florida police taser six year-old boy at elementary school.
and this was scared.
come to visit the children?
so it could happen.
now, this is a rear-projected drafting table. it's about 36 inches wide and it's equipped with a multi-touch sensor. now, normal touch sensors that you see, like on a kiosk or interactive whiteboards, can only register one point of contact at a time.
i mean, you're elected as prime minister with a brief to bat for britain.
as you can see, the system is very complex and vast.
but borders do persist in some parts of cyberspace.
but i just want to say that i've met girls with knife wounds and cigarette burns, who are literally being treated like ashtrays.
you've heard in the past several years, the world is safer because saddam hussein is not in power.
many of the solutions that i and my colleagues seek out and write up every day have some important aspects in common transparency, collaboration, a willingness to experiment, and an appreciation of science -- or, more appropriately, science
so yochai showed you the graph of what the cost of a printing press was.
amazon electric eel -- incredibly endangered, some of these species -- create 600 volts of electricity with the chemicals that are in your body.
but what i realized was that you had to have options.
and now let me turn to the second approach, which is complimentary.
everything on this planet -- everything -- works by cycles and rhythms.
or they're responding to censorship requests by authoritarian regimes that do not reflect consent of the governed.
this is a real school
biology,business,economics,robots,science,technology,tedbooks
could we, by training and practice, emancipate ourselves from middle world and achieve some sort of intuitive, as well as mathematical, understanding of the very small and the very large? i genuinely don't know the answer.
and that's what we did.
httpwww.ted.comtalksdonlevyacinematicjourneythroughvisualeffects.html
but this is just one, two, three billion people, and obviously there are seven billion people in the world, so there must be one, two, three, four billion people more who live in between the poverty and the air line.
i think that's why this is called a head-mounted projector, isn't it?
last one, this is who's going to buy you ribbons, another traditional folk tune.
all the things that we think that we really like about humanity is being driven by technology. this is the infinite game.
but actually method a is the correct approach.
so what's inside of this machine is what enables me to do the things that i'm doing with the medical data.
no.
scott had sort of ponies and some tractors and a few dogs, all of which went wrong, and scott and his team of four people ended up on foot.
the tunisian experiment, as amir was saying, inspired all of us, showed us that there is a way.
i consider myself a very spiritual person, and without, you know, the organized religion part, and i will tell you i don't believe there's anything unnatural.
there are hundreds of them all over the earth, but in this country, james van praagh is very big.
can you tell us how it worked?
first is the training, empowerment, and connection of defenders worldwide.
and it turns out weiffenbach is kind of an expert in microwave reception, and he's got a little antennae set up with an amplifier in his office.
around the same time, i was going through an audition -- the first ever open audition by national television in china -- with another thousand college girls.
i said, oh, yeah, yeah -- absolutely.
no, they said, if you're so into kids and all this stuff, how come you ain't over here on the front lines?
i'm afraid she's going to think i'm a monster.
the effect, the payback, perhaps, for years of vampire predators like bernie madoff, whom we saw earlier.
it has the same bandwidth as a computer network.
that's a production line and a very fast one.
for most of that time of life on earth, living organisms have been relatively simple -- single cells.
it was one of the worst feelings of my life, as i was lifted up on that winch line into the helicopter and looked down at my trusty little boat rolling around in the 20 foot waves and wondering if i would ever see her again.
and why are they reading this?
call it aphrodite, or venus, or bimbo, or whatever you want; the name doesn't matter, as long as we understand what it is about, and we support it.
but online, everybody speaks at the same speed.
everyone who's been through this -- and i'm here to tell you, once you have a child at home, your job better be really good to go back, because it's hard to leave that kid at home -- your job needs to be challenging.
we then decided to scale it up.
they're going to survive as long as our species survives on what shakespeare called this mortal coil.
and what we tried was this; here is a device called the cadwell model mes10.
six weeks, these folds are now beginning with the papilla on the inside of the heart actually being able to pull down each one of those valves in your heart until you get a mature heart -- and then basically the development of the entire human body.
 margaret, are you grieving   over goldengrove unleaving, by and by?   leaves, like the things of man, you   with your fresh thoughts care for, can you?   but as the heart grows older   it will come to such sights much colder   by and by, nor spare a sigh   though worlds of wanwood leafmeal lie;   and yet you will weep and you'll know why.   no matter child, the name   sorrow's springs are all the same   they're all the same.   nor mouth had nor no mind expressed   what heart heard of, ghost had guessed   it's the blight man was born for,   it is margaret that you mourn for  thank you so much.
you follow this curve and you see the whiter spot in the middle -- that's your 50-year time bubble. humans, livestock and pets are now 97 percent of that integrated total mass on earth and all wild nature is three percent. we have won. the next generation doesn't even have to worry about this game -- it is over.
av our eight-week-old son is somewhere in here, and i want to see if rufus can actually quickly identify him.
they spent millions of pounds over many years building up its credentials as an environmentally friendly brand, but then one little accident.
they put this teeny-weeny little ad, about 10 characters long.
so once you take up skydiving or smoking, you downplay the risks.
i promise not to say anything about this, except this is to frighten you.
is that all there was?
1863 an uprising of santee sioux in minnesota ends with the hanging of 38 sioux men, the largest mass execution in u.s. history.
they're just icons; you click on them.
and then i encouraged the ants to come 'round by putting sugar and things like that.
and the reason for that is they've got to chuck out masses and masses of pollen to have any chance of the pollen reaching another plant of the same species.
this is a toy which is made from paper. it's amazing.
and also these very life-like, intrinsically painted silicone legs.
so we thought the patient might actually want to know the context as well.
this is what the u.k. government target on carbon and greenhouse emissions looks like.
now when we look at being able to slash our product use, slash our transportation use, slash our building energy use, all of that is great, but it still leaves something behind.
well i'd like to talk about brazil, because i've taken a journey to brazil over the past couple of years, when i read that brazil was defeating hunger faster than any nation on earth right now.
when i'm modeling a plant in a box, literally, i know where to draw the boundary.
i believe we focus on the lines that cross borders, the infrastructure lines.
and when it does it's not going to be that big a deal.
is that your final answer?
so this is where experts come in and they make basic anatomic assignments.
i come from a conventional, middle-class nigerian family.
it's actually a company a company that i'm involved in called onesun, with paul hawken.
we've seen this in terms of the g20 usurping very rapidly the position of the g7, or the g8.
ethiopia's domestic market is about one billion dollars of value.
some of the tools for this had been around for a hundred years, but it had only been used as a diagnostic technique until the 1980s, when there was changes in camera technologies and things like that, that allowed this to be done for real operations.
he was saying this in a less effeminate way.
contrary to widely held assumptions, an emphasis on action provides a special urgency to thinking.
so i went out there, and i auditioned, mainly in rural township locations, right around the country.
and what i mean by that is the mindset that we are our past.
as i said, this can be done with only two people, and with a minimum amount of time.
audience fifth.
the tree can easily recover.
in this provocative talk, journalist andrew mwenda asks us to reframe the african question -- to look beyond the media's stories of poverty, civil war and helplessness and see the opportunities for creating wealth and happiness throughout the continent.
human-forced climate change alone -- again, if unabated -- could eliminate a quarter of surviving species during the next five decades.
another thing that can be very, very, very successful is there is a lot of people that may have retired from working in the software industry, and they can teach your kid.
and then they blame the banks for being the bad guys who gave them the mortgages.
you go to and fro endlessly.
and if you think about the computer industry and how we've gone from big computers to little ones and how they get more powerful and faster all the time, the same thing is happening with gene sequencing now we are on the cusp of being able to sequence human genomes for about 5,000 dollars in about an hour or a half-hour; you will see that happen in the next five years.
it's just been published in the british journal of educational technology.
simple.
shirin neshat art in exile
but, something else as well actually, 18 minutes is important.
and fortunately i decided in 2008 to return to ghana, after 28 years of absence.
1000
because people were able to take mobile phone photographs of what was happening at the polling stations, it was impossible for that premier to fix that election in the way that he wanted to do.
you don't see her eyes; they're looking downward.
one chimp is called a matcher.
but to make them palatable, we cut it out of a steel plate and put it in front of a fire and photographed it like this.
and there is a pedestrian corridor that they wanted to add that would link a series of cultural buildings, and a view corridor -- because this is the historic district -- that they didn't want to obstruct with the new building.
well, there is a trickiness that you have to make it 150 million degrees, but there is a trickiness about the reaction yet.
kids do worse in the more unequal societies.
meanwhile, the parents -- perhaps a little busy at work, running late, running errands -- want a little slack to pick the kids up late.
they look at the same world and they say...
don't let milk spoil your morning.
and because this is the 21st century and we would love to talk about the real world on its own terms, not in terms of line art or clip art that you so often see in textbooks, we go out and we take a picture of it.
thankfully, i was able to answer a, and i say that honestly in case my life insurance agent is listening.
and you look at lenny and he's suffering.
so here is what we learned 8,000 gallons of gas equivalent to build one house.
you've got to extract generalizations so you can produce and understand new sentences.
we are but the base of chaos.
and so i made a lot of these types of things.
this is not what our parliament would do. you know, we have a program for employment one hundred, 250 million people have to be given jobs for 100 days by this great country.
ks seeing the unexpected properties and then seeing a couple of applications -- it helps you see why this is significant, what the potential is.
they'll fly down here. and the clever thing is the wind is always converging to where the rain is.
the problem with this business model is that 95 percent of the world's population doesn't have 500 dollars.
look at the end to see the animal.
now, there's one big change since the commodity booms of the 1970s, and that is the spread of democracy.
this is not unlike the world of comedy.
demo,innovation,magic,physics,science,technology
so for any problem, the more you can zoom out and embrace complexity, the better chance you have of zooming in on the simple details that matter most.
and actually true to form, renault has put a billion and a half dollars in building nine different types of cars that fit this kind of model that will come into the market in mass volume -- mass volume being the first year, 100 thousand cars.
but i could not understand.
book,business,culture,entertainment,food,happiness,writing
how do we control them?
and so light shone upon the dark ages of europe.
and second, it gives us the opportunity to understand how these supermassive black holes interact with their environment, and to understand how they affect the formation and evolution of the galaxies which they reside in.
the question now -- and this is the really interesting question -- is, what kind of higher-level shape is emerging right now in the overall web ecosystem -- and particularly in the ecosystem of the blogs because they are really kind of at the cutting edge.
but, like sardinia, okinawa has a few social constructs that we can associate with longevity.
so that gives you an idea of the kinds of migrations and the speed with which -- this is just the taxis being built by volkswagen.
and he opened the door and we walked into a windowless 20-by-20-foot room with shelves from floor to ceiling, and crammed on every shelf his collection of mayan ceramics.
i was a 24-year-old young engineer.
do we need a bigger budget?
it's a shepherd's staff.
from field studies to laboratory studies, we see that winning or losing an election, gaining or losing a romantic partner, getting or not getting a promotion, passing or not passing a college test, on and on, have far less impact, less intensity and much less duration than people expect them to have.
tg i'm passionate about that the things i do are going to make the world a better place.
it's more than a hundred miles across a difficult passage of ocean.
i guess these are the questions people are going to answer.
i was not only charmed, i was very moved.
so what do you think happens if you squeeze it in the middle?
they started suspecting that what we do on the morning, and the afternoon, it's on the news, bbc, rfi.
the space bar scrolls down one page.
he is the musical director of los angeles philharmonic, and is still the overall leader of venezuela's junior orchestras.
graham wiles has continued to add more and more elements to this, turning waste streams into schemes that create value.
and here you have just the number of songs that can be stored on a hard drive.
and today i would like to share with you some images, some stories of these trips.
looking at what we're doing today with these machines that we have, we can, just in a few seconds, get 24,000 images out of a body, and that would correspond to about 20 gigabytes of data, or 800 phone books, and the pile would then be 200 meters of phone books.
but it's not just about psychology; it's about economics, because as people walk they spend money.
there's an inherent problem with low probability events.
almost no overlap. almost no overlap. and what has happened?
but then sometimes i'm thinking, what are today's young generation up to?
arts,culture,entertainment,live music,music,performance,poetry,race,short talk,sports
and the story of how all that happens is in this book.
in the following year.
then we get into fermentation, the third stage, which is really where the flavor develops.
and what if we could get exquisite control over the essence of energy, the electron?
so we have got to create in this world also institutions for peacekeeping and humanitarian aid, but also for reconstruction and security for some of the conflict-ridden states of the world.
conversely, there is no concentration at which the sulfur compound will smell like vodka.
they get scared to walk around. they get scared to move.
this is a diagram of the u.s. counterinsurgency strategy in afghanistan.
but ... there is a vacancy for a ...
but he stopped next to my desk, and he tapped on my desk, and he said, nice cat.
it's actually not massive enough.
so, now i will demonstrate different ways of memorizing, control cards and so on.
we are going to win because we don't have a party political agenda.
the point about democracy is intrinsic.
we've done these things in research now in every single company that i've worked with, getting them to write down three new things that they're grateful for for 21 days in a row, three new things each day.
and that's how we discover what is truly natural and how different is the last century, right?
let's get the numbers of the animals we're killing for eating down, and then we'll worry about being nice to the ones that are left.
think of a classroom of children in the language arts.
i'm going to talk about how to go from a society that acts as a victim of circumstances to a responsible, involved society that takes the future of its country in its own hands.
it's home to only 2,000 people, and like a lot of other small towns it has been hollowed out over the years.
well, the thing that jumps out at you first is that the deepest lineages in our family trees are found within africa, among africans.
well, how it happened is the local community galvanized.
it's like, well, you can try that, but the problem is timing.
perhaps build some schoolrooms.
when he was gassing the kurds and gassing iran, they didn't care about it.
we're coming down, and we bring that truck that you just saw somewhere in here, in the financial district.
now, imagine a program where some of those objects are physically heavy and some are light one is an anvil on a fuzzy rug and the other one is a ping-pong ball on a sheet of glass.
she was editor of vanity fair, one of the great phenomenal women of her day.
we think we're getting this wide view of the globe.
but my skin color wasn't right.
it means greedy.
and cartoons can cross boundaries, as you have seen.
i'm going to show you an example of a company that does not have a tap counter.
then he lifts another arm and i lift another arm.
are we any more rational about sex?
chinese people start to learn how to negotiate and talk to people.
and then they got the aswan dam. they got electricity in their homes, they increased education and they got primary health care.
clay shirky how cognitive surplus will change the world
but despite its very small weight, enough of it is emitted into the atmosphere every year to equal the weight of all the people on the planet.
they've zoomed out and looked at the big picture.
what's the kind of technique?
that's an academic question.
it was one of the titles that i was sort of thinking about calling my record, except there's a couple of problems.
we'll see what happens when we play with this palette.
he'll say, doctor, this is not fifi. it looks exactly like fifi, but it's some other dog. right?
arunachalam muruganantham the thing i saw in my wife's hand, why are you using that nasty cloth?
so i did my best. i didn't know where to put my hands.
and today's political slogan is, bijli, sadak, pani, which means electricity, water and roads.
and i had this whole mental picture of, sort of like cinderella.
because this is about 10 dollars of additional hardware if you already have a nintendo wii.
if they're really interested, they get the update as a text message on their cell phone.
so we don't know how we got here.
i remember talking about this for the first time in australia, about one and a half years ago, when their academy honored me with a fellowship.
1640
lg yes? you see that in the screen?
i tried to figure out -- maybe solar's become attractive.
surgeon and inventor catherine mohr tours the history of surgery , then demos some of the newest tools for surgery through tiny incisions, performed using nimble robot hands. fascinating -- but not for the squeamish.
the applications in a general sense could be anything that's anti-wetting.
you try rhyming with garage
432
they cannot have money go away from their paycheck into a 401 plan before they see it, before they can touch it.
we felt one of the tenets of this field was to make absolutely certain we could distinguish synthetic dna from natural dna.
and needless to say that thaler and i have been blessed to be part of this program and make a difference.
anywhere on your body, it looks pretty much like this, and what i hope you can see is that there's all kinds of bacteria there.
zero. very good.
in europe, a similar legislation was not introduced.
and with this photograph of a beautiful 15-feet, probably 14-feet, i guess, female tiger shark, i sort of think i got to that goal, where she was swimming with these little barjacks off her nose, and my strobe created a shadow on her face.
that's exactly what i do -- optical mind control.
it's going to be hard. i say we give it a shot anyway because we've just come too far to screw it up now.
the bubbles, not my bubbles, but the financial bubbles.
and what it really says, and what you want to estimate, is the probability of different beliefs given your sensory input.
i had to have them freeze for 10 seconds to get this shot.
peter norvig the 100,000-student classroom
and this is the best.
and, of course, that's what makes steven spielberg's movie -- conspiring dinosaurs chasing people around.
you're critical.
and when an artist does that to another artist, it's like you're compelled to pass it on.
and because of selected abortion by families who favored boys to girls, now we have ended up with 30 million more young men than women.
so, according to this, the australians and the japanese as well as the mexicans are very happy.
if we look at the selectivity of responses in the cortex of the monkey, we see that the monkey has actually changed the filter characteristics which represents input from the skin of the fingertips that are engaged.
they never touch the inner matter. there is more and more co-evolution.
and since then, the automobile has allowed us the freedom to choose where we live, where we work, where we play and frankly when we just go out and want to move around.
and it's almost impossible to perform.
and you don't necessarily have the sense that twitter is in fact a very heavily brazilian space.
well, we did that 10 years ago.
but i'm going see what happens if i press this button.
and this is really what you're about. and that's our target variable.
this is sadua who came and surrendered his bear.
and i slowly lost track of where i was in this big biosphere, in this big biosphere that we all live in.
we are graduating members from the class of we made it, not the faded echoes of voices crying out, names will never hurt me.
some of them show greater variability.
dick and i had a certain, a little bit of a rapport.
trickster is a change agent.
this is my daughter, her name's emma, she's 17 months old.
but if you look, even today there are about 400,000 diarrhea-related deaths in india alone.
so the question is, how is the brain able to achieve this kind of efficiency?
when people were looking at 10 percent of their neighborhoods dying in the space of seven days, there was a widespread consensus that this couldn't go on, that people weren't meant to live in cities of 2.5 million people.
he's an architect, and charlie is deeply concerned about global climate change.
but this pattern's not going to work to get something 100 meters down to a few meters.
so i sold lots and lots of sunglasses.
in case some of you forgot what play is, this is what play looks like.
by his own writing, this man was either asleep, at a prayer meeting with al and tipper or learning how to launch a nuclear missile out of a suitcase.
and if we're to make progress with the sustainability revolution, i believe there are three really big changes we need to bring about.
add on pandemic threat, you're in big trouble.
and we take orders for flowers. i'm putting the bake sale to shame.
the problem with it is -- and the reason i will never build another one like it -- is that this is a product of two-dimensional thinking.
and let me give you some examples.
again, small structures, our challenge is how to make them larger, and that is something we're working on right now at the institute.
why would they appear only to cranks and weirdoes?
we americans bought alaska in the 1850s. it's called seward's folly.
it shows you these cells that process information.
it turns out that mount washington is covered with bristlecone pines.
the experiments that were going on were very simple.
and those are things that i can do to the symmetrical object that make it look like it did before i started.
i kind of erased everything in my brain to follow that.
191
but then he held it for a little while, lakshmi.
the synchrony of emotions that we experience when we hear an opera by wagner, or a symphony by brahms, or chamber music by beethoven, compels us to remember our shared, common humanity, the deeply communal connected consciousness, the empathic consciousness that neuropsychiatrist iain mcgilchrist says is hard-wired into our brain's right hemisphere.
but introverts, you being you, you probably have the impulse to guard very carefully what's inside your own suitcase.
of course, we can't know what's going to happen and we have to live with uncertainty.
the most perfect examples occupy corner lots.
but they just don't seem to get through.
denmark, we have a national bird, the swan.
then you come up in this glass elevator right near the curtain wall.
i said, i want to live and dig wells for five years.
so what's happening is that the ants work inside the nest when they're younger.
so it sounds like a great story.
moreover, i've come to realize that focusing only on negative outcomes can really blind you to the very possibility of success.
so i thought i would go a little bit and tell you, kind of, the steps we go through.
these micro-machines, which are the envy of nanotechnologists the world over, are self-directed, powerful, precise, accurate devices that are made out of strings of amino acids.
it's very very important.
they're very mobile. you cannot tax them.
thank you folks.
we had wooden flutists, we had oboists, we had opera singers, we had guitar players, and we had rap singers.
it was a lot like the stirling engine it was cool, but you didn't know what to do with it.
because every step is dangerous.
but i would say no.
if an intelligent extra-terrestrial was taxed with writing the encyclopedia of life on our planet, 27 out of 30 of these volumes would be devoted to bacteria and virus, with just a few of the volumes left for plants, fungus and animals, humans being a footnote; interesting footnote but a footnote nonetheless.
and just remember, at very least tacitly, this is what we're teaching children as what they should be doing.
but how?
and the problem we have in the west at the moment, by and large, is that the conventional approach is that we understand it really in western terms, using western ideas.
and i had to put my data away and go find a therapist.
my sister and i used to sing in choirs together constantly.
because a, we can make it easy, and b, we can maybe give people a reason to act today, rather than wait till tomorrow.
and as a result, they lose their gifts, or worse, they stop playing altogether.
so, despite the fact that i'm going to talk to you about an object that's supermassive, and i'm going to get to what that really means in a moment, it has no finite size.
but the exciting thing that i've found in the last few years is that you actually don't have to go very far in the computational universe before you start finding candidate universes that aren't obviously not our universe.
craig venter chairs that event.
girls outperform boys now at every level, from elementary school to graduate school.
and i'll put it to all of you, what you already know, that no problem worth solving is that simple.
i mean ritalin, viagra, things of that sort, prozac.
there is only one circumstance in which they always, all of them, walk on two legs, and that is when they are wading through water.
so our energy problems are not intractable.
actually, i think it's a great way to teach kids about evolutionary biology and developmental biology and all sorts of things.
bill gates on mosquitos, malaria and education
and there are two ways to do this.
what a deal.
much more likely, they will be two to four times richer than we are.
is this going to matter in 50 or 100 years?
this is a little bit of a problem, so we clearly need some kind of idea of quality control, and this is really where the idea of review and peer review comes in.
you probably all have it, and if you haven't, you need to.
now there are 192.
so, also voices, i can transform speeches into color, for example, these are two very well-known speeches.
the surprise of bilbao was in its context to the city.
and so therefore whatever cultural variation there is in how human beings flourish can, at least in principle, be understood in the context of a maturing science of the mind -- neuroscience, psychology, etc.
he built one plant after another.
and i said, well, there's an easy solution to that problem.
when i run it through my lab, this heat-mapping shows everything is intelligible.
also it's bad news for us.
so, i started this company called solar devices.
i said to my boy, when you raise the money, we'll put your taste on the wall.
eu that's how to create a digital human in 18 minutes.
now, one of the wonderful things that nasa does is it puts up a variety of satellites that detect all sort of interesting things about our environment.
so it's actually a multi-dimensional user interface.
a healthy hunger signal, the big brain ignores it and activates different programs in the gut.
they are.
who gets to use the mosque on fridays?
the first is imagine yourself going to a venture capitalist and saying, i've got a fantastic idea.
technology has not delivered political change in iran.
interactivity was another thing.
why has the record been so poor?
this song kind of came out of all of that.
again, you can get the playback and personal contribution.
so to address this, we developed with a dr. brown in stanford virtual dissection table.
and talking about the ultimate swarm, about having all of the processors and all of the cars when they're sitting idle being part of a global grid for computing capability.
it's funded by foundations.
i started out showing how much we had distressed the monterey bay ecosystem with pollution and the canning industry and all of the attendant problems.
so i'm going to start with why we should.
but what politicians need is a range of options.
i also discovered that an ir mouse responds to crt emissions and starts to move by itself, so this is a self-drawing machine.
let me talk about a relatively small number.
to his left is his student. she's six.
it is a genetic birthright that we have, like walking or speaking or seeing.
i think this means basically that they're all sharks and they've come from a common ancestry.
i will not be played.
it will stop them from doing simple, back-to-back, limited arbitrage to really thinking strategically about how to move grain across long distances from surplus regions to deficit areas.
more of that in a minute.
one is fully passive, like i just described -- as in, for instance, the trucker example, where we don't actually intervene in the population in any way.
the court determined that, when the sioux were resettled onto reservations and seven million acres of their land were opened up to prospectors and homesteaders, the terms of the second fort laramie treaty had been violated.
this is the only device he needs in this treatment.
environment,food,green,sustainability
okay. he's pretty good. yeah. good, good, good.
and it could potentially be something as important as tomato sauce, or in this case, ketchup.
can i tell you how un-canadian that is?
and then these earlier forms of humans disappear, but they live on a little bit today in some of us -- in that people outside of africa have two and a half percent of their dna from neanderthals, and people in melanesia actually have an additional five percent approximately from the denisovans.
and every time i go to a school, i see a gleam in the eyes of the children.
boy what's that supposed to mean?
and when they teach us a lesson, they do it via the body.
i made this series of works.
if we don't do that, we're going to get the generation we deserve.
1228
and you can actually submit those results to the database, and tell us a little about your genealogical background, have the data analyzed as part of the scientific effort.
now fast-forward to 2012.
people really, really want to learn a foreign language.
my wife's loveliness almost consumes me.
i can't say enjoy those pieces.
it's whatever moves you personally.
but then, if you know everything you can know about those two things, and you put them together, what can you say about this combination?
make this world a better place, if you can.
what's interesting really about x-ray really is, if you think about it, is that that technology is used for looking for cancer or looking for drugs, or looking for contraband or whatever.
and as you see on this animation, what kepler is going to detect is just the dimming of the light from the star.
hey, we live in a very noxious world.
it's miraculous, and part of the explanation is this ability to circle around sacred values.
are you guys ready again -- the graduate?
so what did he mean by this? i'll show you.
they have become frightened of being wrong.
accepting the 2006 ted prize, dr. larry brilliant talks about how smallpox was eradicated from the planet, and calls for a new global system that can identify and contain pandemics before they spread.
and perhaps these, in the end, as celebratory spaces.
and here we see the distortion reflected in the map of the skin surfaces of the hand of the monkey.
and there are times you should walk.
finding the state of preservation.
and they look at the world a little differently.
we are living on average today 34 years longer than our great-grandparents did.
ok. it gets them to work harder, sometimes.
 my preacher said,   don't you worry   the scientists have it all wrong   and so, who cares it's winter here?   and i have my halter-top on   i have my halter-top on   everyone's out in merry manhattan in january.  chris anderson jill sobule
that looks like a coastline.
i remember just trying to get out of the water.
adora svitak what adults can learn from kids
and he says, if you get back into your car, i'm going to tase you.
several, for me.
in response, some people argue, but we need growth, we need it to solve poverty.
and as those events keep happening we're going to say, okay, what can we do about that really?
go save a life of a child.
what we need to understand is what drives the political creature?
because there is a basic paradox no one can have an inauthentic experience, but no business can supply one.
you know, the interesting thing here, though, is that i asked a group of kids not so long ago exactly the same question.
it's really precious, and it's really easy to lose.
secondly, population growth and density into cities.
the presence of camels, mountains, desert wells and springs took me back to the year i spent wandering the sinai desert.
unfortunately, it was designed like a corporate headquarters, with a vast central atrium and classrooms leading off it with no back walls at all.
we actually take the donor liver, we use very mild detergents, and we, by using these mild detergents, we take all the cells out of the liver.
beautiful town.
so then, we think we can do that. and my first question doing this -- or one of my questions doing this -- was how can you make an arbitrary shape or pattern out of dna? and i decided to use a type of dna origami, where you take a long strand of dna and fold it into whatever shape or pattern you might want.
i invited our new ceo, and as soon as he realized we had a room packed full of laughing infidels, his reaction was very simple let's make this happen.
and here's my favorite example, which is in south korea.
this is fascinating. you probably know, some of you, that cells are continually renewed. you can see it in skin and this kind of stuff.
it's my music. the real music is only in karajan's head.
children,development,education,technology,third world,web
you feel like you're walking around in a daze.
daniel kraft medicine's future? there's an app for that
as you know, when you put oil and water together, they don't mix, but through self-assembly we can get a nice oil droplet to form, and we can actually use this as a body for our artificial organism or for our protocell, as you will see later.
and i think we shouldn't shy away in architecture, you know, brain surgery, atomic theory, genetics, economics are complex complex fields.
can i buy that product without compromising my ethics?
government cut through all the red tape, we got foreign vets on it. it was great.
and how about the long run?
i'm eating right, i'm exercising every day, i'm keeping my mind active, that's what the research says you should do.
so if we would run the video -- but the real key question i'm sure that's on your mind where's the hydrogen going to come from?
and also it turned out these bench seats are the very best way to install car seats.
that was great fun, of course.
i think we should do all things, but we don't.
that's what she called the banality of evil.
we used to stay inside for recess, because outside was worse.
at other times, we might take our foot off the gas a little bit too much, and things just become a sort of little bit like this.
and a month into it, i come to the office, and i have this email from one of our students.
but this wave started, and if i question the wave, or try to stop the wave or look back at the wave, i often have the experience of whiplash or the potential of my neck breaking. but if i go with the wave, and i trust the wave and i move with the wave, i go to the next place, and it happens logically and organically and truthfully.
we can democratize our public spaces.
so it's pointing away from the display, rather than pointing at the display.
and now, every crow within five kilometers is standing by a sidewalk, waiting to collect its lunch.
it may or may not happen. but if you put up a prize, the beautiful thing is, you know, it's a very small maintenance fee, and you pay on success.
so, how do you do imitation? why is imitation important?
ms the greatest benefit to all.
you know, you once wrote, i like this quote, if by some magic, autism had been eradicated from the face of the earth, then men would still be socializing in front of a wood fire at the entrance to a cave.
and the computations that it uses, they're molecular computations, and in order to understand this and get a better handle on it, as feynman said, you know, we need to build something to understand it.
so, the job of my field of cognitive neuroscience is to stand with these ideas, one in each hand.
it will change the perception and opinion of the people who are paying for it all, and that's our hope.
jd it does, and we're having a huge debate in this country about aid levels, for example, and aid alone is not the whole solution. nobody thinks it is.
77,862 becomes cookie fission, cookie fission is 77,822.
he says, ive got some good news.
you might wonder, why are you wearing these western clothes?
a unique ecosystem of plants, birds and monkeys thrives in the treetops of the rainforest. nalini nadkarni explores these canopy worlds -- and shares her findings with the world below, through dance, art and bold partnerships.
the whole point of this is to pull two people together strongly enough to begin to rear babies as a team.
here is the situation countries are turning inwards.
when i heard about the vanishing bees, colony collapse disorder, it motivated me to take action.
then what happens is the retinal circuitry, the middle part, goes to work on it, and what it does is it performs operations on it, it extracts information from it, and it converts that information into a code.
and, we're just about to announce the zinio reader product that i believe will make magazines even more enjoyable to read.
they get used out in the real world, like in texas, like this.
i'd never seen anything like that.
will you accept it?
and let's just pick out a few elements.
so, for those of you unfamiliar, twitter is based around a very simple, seemingly trivial concept.
i consider that puzzles are an art form.
so, einstein -- einstein, tell me -- what's your favorite song?
the closer two people are, in age, in background, in the process of identification, the more there is a danger of envy -- which is incidentally why none of you should ever go to a school reunion -- because there is no stronger reference point than people one was at school with.
rs that one is joshua's. that's right.
for every community in the united states, you could have your own personalized map of that.
and this gap really narrows.
we have eight bonobos.
it's not about decoration.
and if you look at florida, in dade city, florida, that's where all the pennsylvania beekeepers go.
there was a time not very long ago when the discovery of unknown organisms was something that held incredible awe for us.
even for the head of goldman sachs, at least in part.
animals,biology,cancer,science
in many countries people are confronted with guns.
so the idea was, okay, keep that feeling of freedom, but change the vector and increase the time.
and i can with all honesty look her in the eye and say, because our pheromones matched our olfactory receptors.
maybe we can give him a little bioluminescence here -- give him a headlight, maybe a brake light, turn signals.
many sociologists like veblen and wolfe would argue that the reason why we take origins so seriously is because we're snobs, because we're focused on status.
we've got to change that.
lower right is a solar do-nothing toy.
i thought, my goodness, what taboo have i broken?
biology,evolution,life,science
this fishing village was famous for sculpture.
in fact, what skinner discovered is that, if you put a pigeon in a box like this, and he has to press one of these two keys, and he tries to figure out what the pattern is, and you give him a little reward in the hopper box there -- if you just randomly assign rewards such that there is no pattern, they will figure out any kind of pattern.
nobody has ever shown -- and this will be shocking -- nobody has ever shown that most chemotherapy actually touches a cancer cell.
the leuna chemical plant, after one of the most extensive bombings in the history of the war, was up and running within weeks.
red  drums, blue  bass, green  chords, orange  leads, purple  pads the mouthpiece consists of ...
type the first letter of your state over and over and over.
as a result, our complications are significantly lower than what has been reported in the united kingdom, and you don't see those kind of numbers very often.
and the object that was levitating here is called a superconductor.
and this would then combine two basic functionalities illumination and wireless data transmission.
he said, i've been on an airplane for 24 hours.
what i think these pictures demonstrate is that we do believe in something bigger than ourselves.
jh you describe yourself, philip, as someone who was really creative when you were young and, you know, liked to make things.
and she said, but mom, you can't have kids.
and the sum looks like this.
they pour huge amounts of pollutants into the ocean.
so in this way, i think that cities are platforms, and certainly detroit is a platform.
so, the states, are equivalent classes of history, and the cancer patient, the input, is the environment, the diet, the treatment, the genetic mutations.
so, i'll show you the six-year-old crashes as well.
imagine that you can have 50 dollars in a year -- that's 12 months -- or 60 dollars in 13 months.
but in her office, there's this old wooden, weather-worn table, kitchen table -- peeling green paint, it's kind of rickety.
it was a landscape with figures, semi-dressed, drinking wine. there was a nude woman in the lower foreground, and on the hillside in the back, there was a figure of the mythological god bacchus, and he said, what is this?
right? bad hire. right?
so when did this habit start?
work is against human nature. the proof is that it makes us tired.
we've gone from being three of us working in the basement at mit while we were still in graduate school to about two-dozen of us working in an initial production facility outside of boston.
and if just five percent of the five billion plus who are currently connected made a comment, and that comment turned into a commitment, we could crowdsource a force of 300 million people around the world to help see these goals through.
you know, the number one organ of ridicule nowadays, is the newspaper.
and so that's what i'm trying to do with my work, is to take these numbers, these statistics from the raw language of data, and to translate them into a more universal visual language, that can be felt.
one day i decided -- halfway through my career, i was held by so many things in my work -- i decided to test myself.
i've made more than 1,100 portraits myself for newspapers, over the course of 300 -- 30 years, sorry, 30 years only.
jeff han i'm a research scientist at nyu in new york.
what makes technology useful and usable?
suddenly, 25 dollars for a big mac might be a good deal.
but you get the sense of the hall in section.
we're now on the couch, looking out through the window at cars passing by.
and the same thing about tectonic plates, you know?
it just sunk below the surface. we weren't allowed to speak about it.
it just flared up, and he turned around, and he looked like this.
so you can actually visit and have this three-dimensional fictional experience there.
why? because we need them to be successful at reproducing to perpetuate the species.
this is a pair of underpants from -- -- from tibet.
charles used to say that toys are not as innocent as they appear.
we spend roughly 60 percent of our communication time listening, but we're not very good at it.
none of these are using the organisms.
who is she?
now i'll tell you, as a middle eastern male, when you show up around a lot of these activities, you start feeling guilty at one point.
it was amazing to see how people were moved by this film.
and then we look at what companies can do.
so iron man zips right out, and waiting for superman can wait for a really long time.
yes, great. i see people going down like this.
my father made false papers for the dissidents against franco in spain, salazar in portugal, against the colonels' dictatorship in greece, and even in france.
so i'm not saying that you should plant a meadow of pot, but a pot in a meadow.
what does this mean for the future of mankind, where we're all plugged into this borg?
pollination it's vital to life on earth, but largely unseen by the human eye. filmmaker louie schwartzberg shows us the intricate world of pollen and pollinators with gorgeous high-speed images from his film wings of life, inspired by the vanishing of one of nature's primary pollinators, the honeybee.
it's not an animal we draw cartoons of or draw at all.
i promise you, parusharam will speak in the ted conference a few years from now.
if i, with the bleakness of spirit, with no spirit, that i had in the 1970s and no possibility of recovery, as far as that group of very experienced psychiatrists thought, if i can find my way back from this, believe me, anybody can find their way back from any adversity that exists in their lives.
it was he who penned the well-known words, the heart has its reasons, which reason knows not of.
studying pollen grains and radiolaria and carbon molecules helped us devise the most efficient structural solution using hexagons and pentagons.
like, do we like the budweiser commercial?
td so i think that sincere motivation is very important for our future well-being, or deep sense of well-being as humans, and i think that means sinking in to whatever it is you're doing now.
cornel west says, of course it's a failure.
and i do a painting every 20 or 25 years. this is the last one.
the start of the story, where this means guy, and that is a ponytail on a passer-by.
now, one of the characteristics of this change process is that information is always related to other inputs or information that is occurring in immediate time, in context.
korea succeeded, north korea didn't.
i'm sure he thought i'd take a book or a shirt, but i found an inflatable sheep.
we were transcending the space between the mind and the device.
lewis pugh talks about his record-breaking swim across the north pole. he braved the icy waters to highlight the melting icecap. watch for astonishing footage -- and some blunt commentary on the realities of supercold-water swims.
so if you tie that -- you have to tie that back with the law.
so birds do it too.
she said, who is this charles bonnet?
and think of the laptop as a vaccine.
in fact, demographers have shown that there are anywhere between 60 million and 100 million missing females in the current population.
so i did some research.
so that i think technology loves biology, if we allow it to.
so, this would be the twitter search screen.
but because the wire is cut to the emotional centers, he says, but how come, if it's my mother, i don't experience a warmth?
it's expensive -- so expensive that very few people could own or use it.
also, thou shalt not disregard the irrational.
1011
in the 17th century, the mathematician and philosopher, blaise pascal, wrote of his dread of the infinite, his feeling of insignificance at contemplating the vast reaches of outer space.
can you make something from nothing as a sculptor?
1703
and then it got stranger.
when the planes struck and the towers collapsed, many of these women experienced the same horrors inflicted on other survivors of the disaster -- the overwhelming chaos and confusion, the rolling clouds of potentially toxic dust and debris, the heart-pounding fear for their lives.
you pass it around. you pass his words around.
so wikipedia's owned by the wikimedia foundation, which i founded, a nonprofit organization. and our goal, the core aim of the wikimedia foundation, is to get a free encyclopedia to every single person on the planet.
i'm trying to find not the metaphors, but, rather, the points in common -- the common gripes, the common issues, the common preoccupations -- and i think that it will enable us to go a little further in this idea of design as an instruction, as a direction rather than a prescription of form.
this one's -- you know, you can see how ugly it is.
but as ridiculous as that sounds, that's exactly what's happening in our classrooms right now.
but sometimes, a science has some other attributes which makes it really, really interesting.
you can see it in the upper left-hand corner.
that's me getting mica.
and they found that it was almost exact coincidence.
the life expectancy for men is between 46 and 48 years old -- roughly the same as in afghanistan and somalia.
that is, they are just trying to do what they think is in their own best interest.
and it was because of scenes like this.
that seems right, i'll go on. cookie fission, ok.
and the stated goal was to increase popular support for the afghan government.
it would start a whole new space race.
but also don't forget, any unveiling is also veiling.
if you have damage there, like in alzheimer's, you can't remember things including where you parked your car.
and also, how capable is the system of self-correctness to keep more people content with all sorts of friction going on at the same time?
it climbs up to the top, and it falls, and it climbs, and it falls, and it climbs -- trying to stay at the very top of the blade of grass.
now, ted sends you a lot of spam if you're a speaker about do this, do that and you fill out all these forms, and you don't actually know how they're going to describe you, and it flashed across my desk that they were going to introduce me as a futurist.
the first one is mass.
if you copied it from someone else, it's a meme.
i suppose i come from a sort of non-humorous background with serious intent, and then suddenly my work is funny.
that number is rising.
that then the signal would be very, very high.
they come in a lot of different shapes.
and we can network between domes and classrooms.
i was eating olives with pie.
so nice, all week. he's the kind of man you could say to, chris, i'm really sorry, i've crashed your car.
social learning really is visual theft.
second child it's magic.
they were surprised by all of these kinds of issues.
i saw photographs of her, and i thought i wanted to go.
now, hydrogen sulfide is curiously present in us.
tens of thousands of so-called digital volunteers were scouring the internet, converting tweets that had already been converted from texts and putting these into open-source maps, layering them with all sorts of important information -- people like crisis mappers and open street map -- and putting these on the web for everybody -- the media, the aid organizations and the communities themselves -- to participate in and to use.
you've heard of dna; you probably studied a little bit in biology.
as web companies strive to tailor their services to our personal tastes, there's a dangerous unintended consequence we get trapped in a filter bubble and don't get exposed to information that could challenge or broaden our worldview. eli pariser argues powerfully that this will ultimately prove to be bad for us and bad for democracy.
newspapers are dying for a few reasons.
i got invited to speak to the people who dress up in big stuffed animal costumes to perform at sporting events.
and einstein foresaw that as we grow more modern and technologically advanced, we need the virtues our traditions carry forward in time more, not less.
in fact we do this in individuals of any age, in these different species -- that is to say from infancies, infancy up to adulthood and old age.
it's a very uncomfortable way to live life, when you get this tight and stressed.
and the line of argument, if you ask parents, is, but car seats are so expensive and complicated, and they have this big tangle of latches, how could they possibly not work better than seatbelts because they are so expensive and complicated?
so let's take an example, actually.
but nevertheless, i was recruited by the british council, along with about 25 other teachers.
he had never committed a crime before.
larry lessig, the nets most celebrated lawyer, cites john philip sousa, celestial copyrights and the ascap cartel in his argument for reviving our creative culture.
i've been told by the revolution of military affairs crowd for years, we can do it faster, cheaper, smaller, just as lethal.
i told it pretty much the same way i've just shared it with you tipper and i were driving ourselves, shoney's, low-cost family restaurant chain, what the man said -- they laughed.
but we have this combination of an area that's thought to be involved in self-monitoring, turning off, and this area that's thought to be autobiographical, or self-expressive, turning on.
but we can stop that.
and these were surfaced by researcher david matsumoto in california.
and i came outside, and the valets for this car service had created, you know, quite a nice little collage of these car keys, and my closest equivalent were a group of prayer tags that i had seen in tokyo.
and because of the internet, and because of connections to blogs and so forth, within literally hours of the tsunami, we were already raising funds, getting involved, working with people on the ground.
but i'm not just talking about islam.
this is all slow motion, by the way, so we can see what's going on.
-- that we've taken this pop icon and we have just tweaked her a little bit to become an ambassador who can carry the message that being a woman scientist studying treetops is actually a really great thing.
httpwww.ted.comtalksraghavakkfivelivesofanartist.html
there are so many people who prefer to suffer in the ice they know instead of taking the risk of going through the ice to see what there is on the other side.
and the same thing is happening in eyes.
and you'll note i started chewing gum because i was around this camel all day.
no, i just spit out a tooth.
at the beginning, it was a disaster.
a simple idea, but it could have such far-reaching consequences.
and actually, lo and behold, it looks pretty much like the areas of the world that are hungry are also the areas of the world that are pretty insecure.
16,000 kilometers, four generations, mind you, for a two inch long insect. it's quite incredible.
and david wanted to carve deeply into brad's face to bring the aging to this character.
and i've got a gift here from a friend of mine's rabbit.
just flash it, scare the guy. he's a punk.
but if you can do it, it works really, really well.
it's now 22 walkable urban blocks with public streets, two public parks, eight bus lines and a range of housing types, and so it's really given lakewood, colorado the downtown that this particular suburb never had.
and people always say, why do that?
that's essentially what meditation is.
and my, then, five year-old daughter was helping me in the way that five year-olds do.
they get picked up by these creatures i've called uber-moms, who are highly successful career women who have taken time off to make sure all their kids get into harvard.
chef well, here's the deal. let me tell you the deal.